body
"no need to participate in class discussion to get good gradesur arguments should be supported by explanations in ur essays and presentationslogic is important for exams, quote Hektor's book if u have no clueHector is funny and charismaticand think!"
"The easiest subject EVER EVER!!! I I only studied biology at f.3, but I could still catch up the lessons easily. Highly recommend this subject to all of you guys"
"horrible tutor, I have ever met."
Don’t take this course if you want a grade above a B.
"If you want to get A or A+, it is very hard. Helena will take all your scores in this course into consideration. This summer, you may fail to get an A if your score of final is less than 80, even your total score is high enough. You will also fail to get an A+ if your score of final is only a bit higher than 80 while your total score is even higher than 90, which means your score may be even higher than some students who get an A+. That is to say, Helena prefers the final. She tends to pay more attention to the final performance than the weight she told you in the class. This is very ridiculous.If you only wish to get an A-/B+, you can take this course. The assignments are easy. Prepare the project and final well, you can get what you want."
"The best teacher I have ever met! Sumie is super nice.,,,.infographic essayd consult gradeSumie,,.Tutor  reg"
"3 assignments and 1 test. Assignment 2 is a group project. There are a little bit calculations but really easy to handle. However since every one get a good result in assignment , it is hard to get high grade but also not easy to get low grade."
"peter is niceinclass assignment each lessonbut answers were discussed during lesson alrone grp projone quizthe duration of the quiz is a bit chur, cuz not much time for you to thinkquite small workloadnot suitable for those who works slowly"
"19/20 semAgood good teacherez to get B+but he leave this year, so9sad"
"-Good grade course-Have quiz twice a week -Total 5 quizzes but only count the highest 4-Exam 50%, quizzes 50%-Exam not difficult, but will test all lecture notes in the semester -If you pay your effort, you will have a good grade."
"It is an ez course, very ez even for non-science and engineering students. (I am from college business.) The course covers a wide range of different topics in mechanical engineering which is interesting and informative. Professors and lecturers are generally friendly and helpful. I suggest all who need to fulfill the university GE area 3 requirement to take this course, even those with relatively less engineering and science background will be totally fine."
many biomedical science ppl are taking this course....so competitive...If you are from another department have to consider again..
I am a year one business student and it is very difficult for me. Half of the class are non-local or exchange students. They always ask questions during the class. Many students study related subjects before. You also need to discuss in class. You may want to study this course if you like foreign teaching style.
"The examination is quite difficult. Even a small picture and details were used to be a part of quizzes - but it highly impacts and significant for this course. The examination consists of multiple choices, fill in the blank, and short writing. The key is to manage your time well and complete your confident part.(30%) Two-quizzes in first-half and later-half of the course(40%) Group presentation(30%) Final Examination"
"Workload is not really heavy if you know what is going on, but you won't understand what is going on as the teacher doesn't teach well...Originally need to download two software: GREET and BIM, for the course, but a lot of student complained in class so BIM was removed.Exam is too vague, and the score given for final exam so low (ard 3x/100), but the grade was unexpected.Conclusion: I don't know what I have done, I don't know how I got this grade, but this course is annoying"
"Lots of content for philosophy. Lawrence is a nice tutor. You can ask him if you find difficulties. Amount of workload is okay, the guidelines of assignment however not clear enough."
"The heaviest workload is the 2k word essay. Other than that is ok. As long as you choose a good topic with quite deep analysis, the grade will be ok. Use theories from the lecture"
"assignments can copy1 quiz 1 group projectquiz not too difficult2-3 days are enough to prepare the quiz even if you have not studied econ beforeproject find good ppl, workload will not be too heavyquite hea but grade not too goodcan recommend if b range is sufficient for you"
"The teacher was very informed, and the assignments were quite interesting and interactive. I learned a lot about food science and how it benefits us in daily life. I even change my diet to vegetarian because of this course. Overall, it is a course that is worth everyone's credits."
"The teacher was very helpful. The content might be a bit advance, but it would not be too difficult for those who paid attention in class. The midterm quiz and exam were quite easy too (open book). If you love linguistics, keep calm and take it!"
"(This review is informative for Chinese and Taiwanese only, local and foreign friends may not refer to this nonsense comment :P),(),,( Summer Semester ,). Session ,.,,；."
"An interesting and useful course. Helena is very helpful and will answer you many questions. The most important part is the group project and you need to find good teammates. However, competition is so fierce that getting an A is very hard."
"Asgx2 16%Midterm 20%Group project 20%Lab progress 4%Exam 40%Helenalecturer,,non cs major,,,logic,curve,CS major,A range,Midterm asg average,projectdata source,exam,9,A,A+."
"I had the classes via ZOOM and there are only 3 assignments: 1) Portrait 2) Decisive moment 3) Creative Landscape OR StorytellingI was an beginner at photography beforehand, so I was worried about my lack of technical knowledge, but as long as you have artistic sense, like understanding motif, conveying meaning etc, you are good to go. Light workload is a plus for this course too."
Professor Shek teaches the first half of the course and he is a very polite and helpful teacher. The course is fairly straightforward and going through the lecture notes carefully is enough to get a good grade. The second half of the course is taught by Jr-Hau (JH) He whose english is heavily accented but does answer any question you have.
"Flora is a friendly, helpful and diligent instructor, imparting some necessary writing things to me. But to do achieve a good grade, you may expand your reading after classes since what taught in lectures is somehow basic and simple.Workload is okay, don't worry about it."
"I am responding to the student who wrote in English and got a B grade. Absolutely double-standard lecturer. Being strict and stubborn on student’s deadlines and arrangements (with little mercy) while failing to redeem his own promises. Always say ""I am a strict teacher” but being not strict for his words. The grade is already there. But Alex if you see this, would you just be a little responsible and tell us what happened, simply by writing a post on canvas? Such a behaviour is unacceptable even as a student, let alone a Uni lecturer. Please be a man of your words, not a coward like this."
4 lab reportsfew simple quizzes in lesson one group project (4~5 ppl per grp)exam only have one pages mostly related to lab reportmy whole group with or without science background also get good result
"People who love philosophy would find this course interesting as it covers topics like justice,governance,moral values etc.The teacher is willing to answer your questions during lessons and after lessons.However,the guidelines for online test and individual paper is a bit unclear so you can't tell whether you have written in a appropriate way and have met his requirements."
"I took the course during COVID-19 so the class was done online. However, Alex Wong chose not to record and upload the lectures online. When students emailed him saying they’re residing in countries where the time zones are very different he responded rudely and did not care.I would say approximately 20% of the class is taught in Chinese with 20% of the lecture notes also written in Chinese despite Alex Wong knowing there are non-Chinese students in class."
"Got all full marks in two quizzes, but still got B+. Maybe I didn't perform well in the final exam which is much harder than quizzes and tutorial questions. An easy and useful course, though."
"An easy A+ if you’re good at mathematics. The professor’s lectures were very effective. So, no additional materials are required. However, during the summer term there was around 30 students who took this course, which made it a bit challenging at first to get an A+. But if you manage to score good marks in the class test and final exam then it is an easy A range course.Course evaluation might be slightly different for your sem. For my sem it was50% class test - (20% + 30%) - Easy50% final exam - It can get quite challenging if you struggle at Maths and have no prior knowledge in Statistics."
very interesting and good teacher
"Semester should be 19/20 Sem AGrade should be Pass5literature, 5linguist200learning portfolio (20%) ,grade, below mean"
"Light workload and (expectedly) low grade.The course is really simple for engineering / science, who have okay math background. But just because of this, it's hard to reach high marks, since the high scores always clutter, and when it's curved, the high score could be only a mean (average)."
"I do expect a course about ethics can be boring but it turns out it is more interesting. The theories and concepts are not difficult although you still need to memorize the terminologies. English is still critical element in getting good grades. If you aim for A grade, you need to work hard and revise on weekly basis.The course does not have a mid-term or individual assignment, so you don't really feel the heavy workload until last 3 weeks (the group report, group presentation and yes, the exam). There is a mini-case with poll questions per week, which is ok as it only takes 15 minutes to read the case. (you could do it during the break time in case you forget to prepare). But the case classwork is group-based and thus, it would need extra time to work on it. Class exercises takes 10-15min to complete per week, not too bad either."
"Ted gave many support to our group assignment. Exam will be relatively easy if you study his PPT and notes.I was quite surprised that I hv got an A+, thought it was just a B+ since our team didn't give many effort on the project."
"Good teacher, she is willing to spend time to follow up your works and answer your questions to help u obtain good grade. B+ is already fine for me as these kind of compulsory course is hard to obtain A range"
"It is a trap for me. Answered/Raised 3 questions in his lectures, all feedback was B+, most of the students got B+ as well and those 3 questions carries 50% of the final course grade; completed an individual essay with 23xx words, which carries the remaining 50% of the course grade. I can say that the essay seriously pulled down my grade, the marking scheme is unclear."
"Professor is nice and there is quite a lot of consultation session for this course, he is willing to answer your enquiries. However, the grade/mark you received wasn't matched with his comment, he seems to be generous when giving feedback, but not at all when distributing the final result, it is quite disappointing."
Weekly quizzes during class. No assignments or projects. Only a final Exam.You will be good as long as you fully revise the PPT slides.
Her comment is strict and not thoughtful for students. Her comments sometimes makes contradiction too. Don't recommend to register her tutorial lesson....
one project two quizzes 35% eachall are MCsso easy if you have studied biology and chemistry in college
It is a good course for psy students. Cover many important topics that our major course (both neuro psy and bio psy) do not teach. And good grade despite my medium grade in quizzes and final exam
"So freaking hard. Though i got A+ for MA1200 and A for MA1201, it's still hard to manage the concepts in the assignments, given I practiced all problem sets."
"Actually it is 2019/2020 Sem B. Stephen is a nice tutor and always patient to his students. Don't be afraid to ask question. The course is relatively fair -- the more you pay, the more you will get !"
2 short questions x31 presentation1 individual paperThere wasn't any feedback provided which is disappointing as I wanted to know whether my answers were correct after doing pages after pages of reading. I think the presentation was our weakness as more philosophical ideas could be covered.
"There were lots of lengthy assignments on every topic. The PowerPoint slides sometimes have only graphs without any proper explanations and you will have to google what it is about if you don't attend the lecture. The marking was very arbitrary and seemingly unfair. I compared my answers with the full mark answer, which were graded by the teaching assistant, and found mark-bearing points also in my answer on multiple occasions. (But I did not make an attempt to email the prof so I bear some of the responsibility for this) Another example is where the marks discrepancy between me and my 2 friends was very high,50%, 62%, 8x%.The final project (worth 50% if Im not wrong) (we chose to do a study on the California drought), which was done by me and them, was 27 pages long. I suppose that project salvaged by grade., but not enough to pull it to the A-ranges. Despite the treacherous amount of work, we learn a lot about how climate change is affecting different parts of the world and modern solutions that aim to tackle them."
"Pass Failed this course. 2019/20 B.HORRIBLE course. The content might be interesting, but the questions & assignments make NO sense. Questions asked have nothing to do with concept, but include BASELESS rote learning. Memorizing the country bar codes for every country. Memorizing 5 digit RFID for different applications. Same questions are repeated. Marks are cut even if the answer is correct but not what the prof wants. In MCQ, 3/4 options will be correct, prof himself will agree, but you'll get marks for the one which is ""most correct"". And that is very very vague. DO not take this course."
"2019/20 BBarely any workload. Interesting assignments (Just 2). I pass failed it though, but I guess I would've got an A. I regret doing that."
"Took 2019/20 Sem B.Easy score. Totally new to economics, didn't attend a single class, and didn't need to either. Lecture slides explain the concept very well.But you don't get a single mark released ever, for anything. And every single thing is lined up in the last month, which can be tough.Penalty to not write a progress report & give presentation, but no such marks for them."
"Difficult course if you're not a STEM student, but for STEM students it's fun. Compulsory for EE. You'll have to work hard and lab assistants can and cannot be helpful depending on their mood."
"Took it 2019/20 Sem ASumie CHAN sucks. My work was much above average, if not the best, in class, and she herself said that in her comments, yet gave me an average grade. The people in my class who could barely speak english (and never bothered to participate (there are marks for that)) got a better grade than me. I so regret I didn't pass fail is. There is no pleasing her."
"2020 SEM BPre-proposal 1 Assignment MidtermFinal Report (Business Plan)Final PresentationFinal Exam The course is easy and the workload is okay. Special knowledge is not required. The midterm was super uncomfortable: a lot of questions with the numbers, in the beginning, so you have to scroll every time. Because of the online semester, there were time limits and hard questions. The assignment is easy if you read the ppt slides. Find normal groupmates and come up with a good idea. Professor is cool and friendly, always answers your questions. But idk why I got B+, I was expecting A- at least tbh. I guess that happened because of the online semester. The overall impression was good, recommend taking that course."
Nice tutorBut PowerPoint slides are somehow messyVery big words and a few words for one slideEasy to have high marks in assessments
"Clear explanationNot difficult to understand100% exam due to WuhanAsk 3 people, all B+Suspect all class B+"
"took this in 2019/20 Sem BJohn is super nice and his guidelines on assignments were very clear. If you follow his instructions, you will do decently for sure. The coursework has changed a bit due to the Wuhan Coronavirus, not sure if these changes will keep in next year or not. But make sure that you attend every lecture and tutorial, participate in class and do your work, then everything will be fine. Just like the previous comments, the exam is pretty easy to handle as most of the information could be copied from your lecture notes, yet you are still expected to offer personal opinions on some controversial issues discussed in this course's lectures and tutorials.Conclusion: hard work will certainly pay off."
This is not a course for students with zero economics background. It is requires a lot of work and feels like a core course
"This semester only have is conducted online through zoom. But I still consider it as my favourate course this year.In the course, the professor might present to you some surprising counter-intuitive ideas. Don't take what he said at face value. I think the purpose of the course is to inspire you to think for yourself and look for the answer yourself. You should look into the recommended readings or other material for the whole picture of the topic after finishing each lessons."
Interesting and easily understandable contentNo worry if you are not EE studentGot A grade even below mean in assignment
"heavy workload for a ge, not really helpful tutors and strict markings"
Really nice.
"Studied in 2019/20 Semester B.Esther is very nice and well-prepared for the class. She makes the class fun and easy to follow, despite it's an online class due to the disruption of Wuhan coronavirus. The courseworks are the same as the previous comments, and their suggestions are still valid. Do follow your instructor's guidelines and comments to get a better grade:) Strongly recommend Esther to those who are looking for a fun class and will be dedicated to the course. Your hard work (and English ability) = Your final gradeP.S. it's better to get 85% or more for an A grade (80% or above would be an A-)"
"it was actually 2019/20 sem B, the system won't let me choose it. Anyway, despite the fact that the course was carried out thru zoom online teaching, the result is still satisfactory. There were quizzes after every lesson, so you better go to the class or get a friend to complete them for you. There was one big presentation, and a video was required, for 6 people per group, the workload per student is not that heavy (if there is no freerider) .The exam was easy, basically just the questions in the notes and assignments.And most importantly, should you choose this course if you are not a science student ? i would say yes , since it is one of the easier courses in area 3. The questions distributions are around 50% calculation and 50% theoretical. the theoretical part is ez to deal with since they are directly from notes. For the math part, if you studied basic science before, it should be simple for you. It leans more towards the Physics side rather than geography. Being a physics major student, I grab the A grade with zero effort and zero hour being put into revision, so easy that its like grabbing your girlfriend. So yeah, i rate 9.5/10 for a area 3 course, especially for those who likes big classes or natural disasters (the same thing actually)."
Continuous Assessment (60%)Group project Report (20%)Group Project Progress Presentations (15%)Final Group Project Presentation (10%)Quiz (15%) 20 minutes Around 30 multiple choice questionsExamination (40%)–2 hours
"Prof. James is nice and makes this GE course be easier. His samples and styles will help you to accomplish a good grade with full of knowledge. The homeworks are presenting below.1) The weekly assignments are necessary to review your content. It's not hard but relates to the course content each week. (I forgot to complete it one time and lost of my score)2) The infographic really high impact on the final grade. I suggest you group up with someone who has skills in infographic design. It is a trick for someone who is not familiar with poster design.3) The academic essay is the most important part. You have to develop the selected topic with taught of references. You might be lost the score if you fail to provide a correct reference style, writing structure, and the level of words."
"GE2258, for me, is an excellent course! I took it in sem A 2019/20.1) You have to complete the homework (which related to the lecture) each week. The homework is a multiple-choice question (around 5-6 items per week). Then select one answered the question to explain within 200-300 words.2) The group project is fantastic. The topic is free to choose from. The only issue that students would remind is trying hard to apply the information from the lecture to explain your selected problem.P.s. Prof. Ho is very nice and always encourages students to having critical thinking on the samples. If you are looking for someone who has high empathy, Prof. Ho will not make you disappoint :)"
"This course is a easy course, 4 assignments in total, each contribute 25%. Because I don’t have a pro camera, so I used my phone to take the pictures instead. As a result, the comment given by Phil was like a piece of shxt. Anyway, I got a C+. Reg this course!!!!! If u wanna be a pro photographer.!!!"
"I had actually been very excited to take the course. And, even while doing it i enjoyed doing the presentation and studying for the finals because I was very interested in Statistics. However, I received a B- even after all of this, and when asked as to how this came to the particular grade, I was never told the marks or given any feedback and hence till date I still do not know where I went wrong. I would suggest never to take the course, if you truly want to learn and know what you are doing wrong, as no feedback is ever given."
"Nice course, not heavy. 2 easy quizzes several small reports (assignments)and final research essay (max 3500 words)The teacher is very nice and understandable.If you like philosophical discussions, take this course)"
-12 individual journals (500 words each)-no more quiz nor exam-3 group projects-every lesson heavy assignments-Highly not recommended-many readings
"Weith's requirements for the essay are very unique, only one source for one paragraph and the structure of the essay is fixed to be 5 paragraphs. No flexibility at all. Am I a primary student?? Really??p.s. (Don't expect that he will upload the results of your work on canvas. )"
"easy course materials, If u know a few programming, that's enough for u to get a grade above b. Although there are quite many stuffs to do, many of them is not important, just ignore it is okay."
"If you want to be respected by others, DO NOT choose CALVIN WONG .He is the one who will SATIRIZE you when you just ask a simply question about a topic in the course and he says ""this is a common sense"" but never give you constructive response."
"I am from College of business, winner of International Olympics of Physics and I got the A-, don't know what is teacher's grading standard."
"Nice course if you like philosophical discussions about the role of technology in your daily/academic life. Really good teacher that understands and helps you anytime. The workload is okay, not heavy. No group projects and exams. A few exams (easy)Technological diary Technological diary(choosing 1 from each area and writing about it)Excursion Report (trip)Presentation Final project (essay)"
"2019/20 SemAlanguage discovery project 1000 wordsInclass timed essayReflection on inclass essay 200 wordsCritical Exploration of Text 750 wordscourse,language discovery project2-31000,,linguistic,,.inclass essay,dse eng writing.8,,.,.8,.Sarah,"
"The tutor is nice and willing to help, you can consult her and ask for advice for all weighted assignments such as infographics and the argumentative essay. I would say that consultation is important for students in order to meet her standard and get good grades."
"I took this course in 2019/20 Sem A.Mark is a very passionate teacher. He encouraged students to actively participate in the class and would make some jokes to make the lesson even more engaging to students sometimes. He responds to email very efficiently and that happens even on weekends, so do ask him questions if you have something uncertain or need his advice. I enjoyed taking his course so much. I agree that Mark is not a teacher who will give A grades easily, but hard work will certainly pay off "
"2019/20 Sem Aconstructive advice and encouraing responses. he allowed and encouraged us to explore freely and express our original opinions, sometimes contrary to conventional ones."
"Dr. Sun is a very passionate teacher who is willing to inspire students.However, I think the grades really depend on the ""creativity"" of your work and your groupmates' efforts. If you are lucky, you can get a higher grade.In general, this course helps you know more about innovation and stuff, like intellectual property rights."
"Hebe is considerate ,responsible and very great to students.We can really learn a lot from her classes.Very strict on infographic! Pay attention to this part!"
"Light workload, good teacher, interesting course!"
"Took this course in 2019/2020 Sem A.No previous knowledge in biology, but still can get a good grade as long as you work hard"
"Nice teacher, very helpful, gives snacks during break"
"an ok lah course, many things to read but mostly interesting stuff (if you are interested in philosophy). Incredibly boring at first but quite interesting at the end. Lawrence is a nice teacher."
discussion never full markdse writing only level 3never watch the movie I selected in the storybook beforestill get an Astrongly recommend
"This course has a quite heavy workload. Yet, for those who have interest in science, this is quite a good course to take. I study English but keen on science. I managed to get A range at the end. Worth it!"
Gd ge course I recommend u guys to reg it!
This is the most easy gateway course I ever studied and the tutor is very nice too
Ez game ez life
I worked very hard but still got a B- while one of my groupmates who did not work much got an A-. I don't know whether I did not work hard enough or I am just suck but I am very disappointed
"For a GE course I think the workload is unreasonably high. The exam is heavily based on the text book which requires extensive studying after class. This GE course seems more like a core subject due to its workload and strict attendance requirements. I suggest anyone who want to take this course to rethink again as it will possibly pull down you CGPA if not managed appropriately. Even if you attended all lessons and submitted all in-class discussion worksheets, assignments, the risk of failing the exam is high if weekly revision is not conducted. I urge you to RETHINK before taking this course !!!"
"GODDD please do NOT reg this course if you are not from the science background! I took this course with 90% of classmates majoring in vet. They are super nice and friendly, just like the professor... BUT YOU CAN HARDLY CATCH UP WITH THEM since they are all experts in the field as a beginning. I usually score A range in most of the courses and this ruined my transcript. Regret not to drop it."
"I know nothing about an earthquake or any geographic things before the courses, but still, get an A-.Exam and project are very important, choose good groupmates and study hard for the exam,even if you are so stupid as me, you can still get a good grade."
"learn nothing...You need to choose good groupmates otherwise, you will suffer."
"i forgot the lecture name, it was a girl, she was the worst lecturer ive ever had. teh course is too vague. she never provides exactly what shes looking for in your presentation and individual work. dont even have a proper attendence sheet for class. We asked her serveral time to provide us guidelines at least a marksheet to get an idea of what shes looking for in our presentation, the while class asked for it and she kept saying she cant provide it, or its useless its only for me to mark for your grammars etc. dont take this course really."
"This course is relatively easy but not well graded (I was told this course was graded well). Not only did my group get a bad grade, but the next group also got a low grade. This course takes a small proportion of the exam, and the papers take a larger proportion than usual. I personally don't recommend this GE, as long as this GE I got a C range. However, if you want to easily spend a semester or recommended."
LI guo very good. A grade is easy
"although many course works, some of them is not important. if you give up, u can still get a good grade. easy midterm and exam. overall is easy."
3 Assignments in total. Just appky what you have learnt from lectures.The last assignment is conducted as an individual classwork to be submitted before class.
Nice tutor.
"Have to admit, did not expect my grade to be that low as I prepared for the exam and had coherent answers for all the questions. The course really is interesting and light in itself, but the exam expectations are far too high to get graded highly for questions that can come up from ANYWHERE in what you've studied throughout the semester.It doesn't make sense for your comprehension of the course to almost solely reflect on the exam alone. Even a practical lab exam (identifying chemical, making own product, etc.) would be better. From what I heard almost, if not all GEs have final exams so choose what will interest you with a grain of salt. That being said, the teachers aren't to blame for this and Alex is still a wacky treat in a midst of monotone voices."
"2019 SummerExam 40% open bookMidterm 20% open bookAssignment 1, 2 10% eachGroup Project 20%"
"Just want to say that the quiz is quite difficult.... Not as easy as someone commented before. The content is very detailed, hiding in the corner of the Powerpoint.A good team is important. For this course, the group size is very big (About 9-10) and difficult to control. I got a lower mark partly due to the group project."
"I took this course for 18/19 summer. The course is a good course. It is not because the instructor gave a higher mark, but because she gave a fair mark. I did not get an A range but I think the score is quite reasonable when compare to the contribution.The course work including participation five photos, 2000 words essay, in-class test and group presentation. The workload is heavy. If you want to get higher grade in this course, you need to pay attention to each part. The in-class for Marianne is essay question, so be prepared of it."
"well prepared and passionate, a rare tutor these days...u have to attend the class as she will remember ur face if you want to gain that 10% participation marks."
"Exam is VERY VERY VERY important! There is not much to do throughout the course but you must attend every class (she takes attendance & collect daily classworks). No mid-term and indiv assign sounds good, right?! NO! the course is more difficult to get nice grade than you think esp the gp project. You need perfect Eng in order to get A grade Exam is unbelievable long & covers the whole textbook. Even starts revise a week before is not enough. Worst, you must need the text for exam."
"every lesson there are 2 in-class questions, if you pay attention, you know the answer, or, you can just google the answer. easy job. if you miss the lesson, you can do a make-up question.a quiz and an exam, the questions are similar to the in-class worksheet, but with more details and a slightly higher degree of difficulty. if you revise well (recite the ppt) you get a good grade. i didn't finish my revision for the quiz so i got a lower than average mark. but the exam was better."
Sem workload:20% Workshop x 215% Case Study proposal25% Case study report 40% Quiz + Individual Essay
"-major studying computer science (i think if u study ICT in secondary school you can get a good grade too) , highly recommend CS students to reg-must consult the prof. first before presentation -quiz is simple and easy (MC + short questions) ; just remember to read the notes-exam will have long questions ; i think the questions are very similar to the quiz -don't skip lesson if possible ,because have attendance(and in-class quiz sometime)"
"To be honest, the work load of this course is not heavy at all. I was too lazy to get a better grade.1 Group project (Presentation + Proposal + Peer Review)1 Mid-term1 Exam1 Problem solving exercise"
Very difficult course. You will get C range or below if you don't have foundation on Physics / (Engine). I don't understand the course contents at all. Totally not recommend for a GE course.
"An intro course of mass media. Not difficult overall. Classes ok in general but some topics can be boring (e.g. topics about newspaper). Can tell teacher is trying hard to make the class fun so still interesting in general. Not too much to do in class except simple classworks. No indiv assignment, just group project. Good, responsible team members are critical especially in presntation. Need the textbook for exam revision. Exam has quite a lot to do but cannot remember exact details but most of the exam is MCQs and not difficult. Teacher is nice, friendly and supportive. Just email her & her reply is quick. A good choice if you need a good grade."
TOTALLY RUBBISH
"It is important to study hard for the quizzes. The first quiz is really easy, but the second quiz is quite tough. As for the poster presentation, it is very important to appear professional and not read off from cell phones instead of looking at the audience ."
"Exams are okay - not very hard, not very easy. Mid term and final exam are most important to get a good grade."
"This is my second time having Toni class. She is demanding in class but also friendly, responsible and very helpful especially in the group project. Scores breakdown is group project 40%, attendance, participaton & classwork 20%, final exam is 40%, no individual assignment. The workload is very heavy at the semester end especially for the group project. Having the right group members are MUST. Also, don't miss her classes especially during presentation weeks. Students are required to give presentation groups comments and that is counted as participation & classwork marks. We have 4 presenting groups each week and thus, there are 4 classwork marks counted. Textbook is also a must for exam. Need to study at least 3 weeks early for that."
"[Is was 2018/19 Sem B]As a student from college of business, it's not so difficult to handle.There are individual assignment (2500words max), group project, one debate for every student, and final exam.The instructor prefers students who answer and comment to the issues discussed in classes. I was not one of them. She made her every class full of information for entire 3 hours.Individual assignment and group project weren't difficult, and the exam was quite easy. Debate depends on personal speaking ability, but don't be too worry, just give it a try.It's nice to meet lots of exchange in class."
RUBBISHHHHHHHH
"Rewarding experience given by an experienced and nice professor, the lectures consist of multidisciplinary materials ranging from chemistry, economics, physics to history. The course provides an introductory yet deep overview and analysis to the status quo of the energy, pollution and environmental issues. In terms of learning, if you find yourself interested in the environmental issues and would like to get a decent grade this course is a good choice.Had good teammates but did not do well on my exam that's why I only got B"
effort = grade = fair
"This subject is not that hard if you put some effort. It is quite teacher-specific, so pay attention to that. Also, the progress you make throughout the course plays a big role in the final grade.Prof John is super nice, and he likes students who participate and engage in discussions. My advice is to attend all tutorials and do everything carefully - ask him for feedback, do peer review etc."
"The course itself is interesting as the professor could invite guest speakers during the lectures. There were two big assignments: Service Diary and Group Presentation. The Service Diary (20%) was a bit challenging, but it was a platform to share our service experience. The Group Presentation (15% for presentation and 25% for report) was okay, but you were assessed by 3-4 professors (including Dr. Yanto). However, for Science and Engineering Students, they may need to revise more on the short test to be familiar with the test questions, as it counts for 30% of the final grade. Plus, participation will be required in the course as it contributes 10% of your final grade.For those who would like to enroll to this course, unfortunately, this course may not be offered starting the next semester."
"Conny is the best lecturer that I have ever met in CityU. To be specific, she is very warm-hearted and constantly willing to offer students the necessary help. Indeed, I am not an outstanding student in the class and do not spend too much effort on this course. However, Conney provides clear instructions and guidance for me to follow, creating a congenial atmosphere during the classes. That's the main reason why I can obtain grade A in this course. In light of this, she has our respect and gratefulness. Thank her for illuminating my voyage of life with her own light of life. My grateful sentiments come from the bottom of my heart.Back to the topic,"
"The lecture is boring and stupid, but good grade anyway. This course heavily depends on team project. You would require a team of good teammates, else you die."
heavy workload after new lecturer take up the coursemm lai curve for exam reli on99few people study tgt got c range in exam-.-though coursework grade not bad but exam can let u sp....but lecturer say will restructure maybe not that much offer next semGood Luck to u guys......
"Demonstration is not as important as report. Programming is not hard. Test and Exam consists of programming problems and few concepts. If you work hard, it's probable to get an A even A+."
Not so difficult... After all MicroBit is for child to learn programming and have fun. You should care more about your lab report rather than try to remember everything.
"Study Hard, Get an A+ is reasonable. This course just has the fundamental knowledge of microeconomics so that it is easier for business student to master. Understanding the notes on powerpoint and grasping every sentence Mr.Ho has said is of great importance for a good grade."
"This is a killer, all depends on your in class performance but not your assignment, no constructive comment will be given"
"Nice Tutor, Poor Grade"
Assignment1: 7/10Assignment2: 8/10Assignment3: 9/10Quiz1: 18/25 (didn't ask for source)Quiz2: 24/25 (asked for source)Group Project: 24/30Extra Points: 0.5/3Attendance: 100%Remember to ask for source to guarantee an A range score
interesting lab .midterm is easy . course for A range!
Amy is really nice.
I've worked my ass off but still doesn't managed to get a satisfying grade. One of my friend who's really proficient only does his work one hour before each tutorial and got an A.
"Prof is really nice. Acquires to do plenty of work (report, essay, presentation)"
"Overall: Good course and do recommendThe course is interesting, and students are able to learn a lot.Lectures are skipable if you could study the lecture notes and understand them.The final test covers the whole semester, but shouldn't be big problem if you have the knowledge of the main concepts.The case study itself is quite interesting as well, but a little reminder is that do chose your teammate wisely as you could get pretty screwed if there's people not doing there work."
"The workload is much heavier than it used to be starting from this semester. 1.The content of the course it self is quite interesting and useful, and the instructor had done experiments in the lecture every time. 2.There are quiz over the semester. They are not difficult, but however is kind of stupid in my opinion when your score is in fact the number of keywords you have written.3.Do pay attention to what they've said during the lab visit since no one has a clue what those machines are for and you are required to produce a mutli-page report with zero knowledge.4.The presentation was going in the way that I am not expecting. Essentially, the more words you put in your keynote, the higher mark you will get. Professor does not appreciate graphs and pictures as he thinks that is a act of laziness. Put paragraphs in your keynote and be prepared for fundamental questions then you'll nail the final project and presentation."
Unfaithful
"Nice tutor, may find a little bit boring as there are basic english, he follows all the instruction though.... overall it's nice if your english is not super bad"
"Group discussions One final examStorybookI’d say if you are capable of relating the psychology theories with the movie and give a detailed analysis in group discussions, and you study hard for the final exam which is very straightforward and requires a lot of memorizations, then you’re gonna be fine for this course. The storybook is going to be easy if you choose a movie that you are very interested or have watched several times to give an in-depth psychological review about it."
"I had right answers in both midterm and final, he does not care if you get the right answers if you don't follow his ""way"" you wont get the answer right. I contacted him to be sure if he graded correctly my stuff and he said he was sure i was wrong and he was right without even double checking my results or what I asked him politely to check. He likes to explain stuff in cantonese and foreign students cannot understand. the group project does not even relate to the course and the instructions are pretty vague. The tutor could barely speak english and was terrible at explaining (mainland student)"
Do not take this course unless you want to lower your GPA. It is VERY HARD AND COMPLICATED. DO NOT DO IT.Drop it if you still have chance.
Never take this course...except if you want to kill yourself. You have to work a lot and the exams are very complicated.DONT DO IT!!!!
"I personally believe I didn't put more than 3 days of work for the whole semester on this course, as I studied the majority of the content in high school and thus saved me a lot of study time. However, if one hasn't studied the content ,it's still very easy and If I had put a little bit more effort getting an A or A+ shouldn't be that hard.So recommend this course and try to put in abit of effort for a good grade.The group project and coursework matter a lot."
"If you are good in English and an active students, this is the teacher you are looking for. Feedbacks will be given along with the marks for each assignment. A total of 5 assignments are needed to be done throughout the whole course. But he is a bit killer. (DSE 5*)A1 Complaint Letter Reply 15.5/20A2 Business Meeting 15/20A3 Bad news message reply14.5/20A4 Business Plan Presentation 16/20A5 Business Plan 16.5/20"
Strongly discourage people without Chemistry background to study this course.2 field trip reports + 1 project (presentation + Q&A)
Don't choose Calvin! x 4Same group x 2I expected A x 2
"She is a nice tutor, she gives many comments to the assignment. But she doesn't let us leave before the end of the period of lesson. I got B- in UE, but still can get A range in 2410"
"1 group project 1 test(80mc)2/3 quizzes (openbook)No need to take attendance, can skip lesson.I think do revision of the test is ok, it already helped a lot."
"1 group presentation 1 online comment 1 final paper1 field trip reportAttendanceIt is a nice course, even I seldom listen to the tutor, I just listen a little part of lecture and apply them in the report/paper. Since the course counts individual mark more than group mark, even I met poor groupmates, I still got A range."
Don't choose Calvin! x 3Same groupI expected A
"Fairly speaking, the grading of this ge course is better than my expectation ( because of the previous comments).To get a fair good grade of this course, I recommend you to do the following:"
"You need to do 3 essays and 1 group project presentation.3 essays submitted at the same time.essays about the job nature of construction professionse.g. what do architects/ engineers, etc do ?one A4 page per essaygroup project is easy 10 ppl per group 10 mins presentation the tutor is a japanese guy"
Students without physics background should not take this courseEvery class's power point slide is like more than 100 pages and you would have thousands of medical/biological/engineering terms to remember. That is a bit harsh when you consider the fact that you are taking a GE course but not core.The quiz to me is more like a memorizing game than exhibiting what I have learnt.
"It is a trap. Some quizzes are easy but most quizzes cannot google so you may not get high marks in the quiz part. In the last lesson, you would be distributed a question to write an essay about physics ranging from mechanics, optics, electromagnetism to nuclear energy. The topic distribution is random so you would not know the topic before the lesson. My topic is typical and i am confident when i was writing. However, the final grade is bad.IT IS NOTICED THAT NON-SCIENCE STUDENTS WOULD DROP THIS COURSE AFTER WEEK 1"
"Absentees can hand-in their in-class assignments, which are used to count attendence, in the following lesson. They can simply copy from friends or groupmates.At the end of each lesson, a video clip is played and several open-ended questions are posted on blackboard. Each group needs to post answers onto the discussion board. Only short answers of 5-6 lines are required. Group members can take turn to answer."
"5 bi-weekly journals, 8 course activity sheets signed by your classmate on the class and presentation evaluation report have gave you 23 marks in sort of freely way. The things you need to focus on are just final exam and project report. I did not have any economic background before and have a little impression on the course in 4 days before the examination. After learning about 20 hours, I got a good grade, near the highest grade. For the project, applying what you learn from this course is so important. But once you do like that and have no obvious area to be improved in the project. You will get high level. Doctor Ho is a very friendly and humorous person who you will always like. I learnt many essential economic concept in interesting ways but save much time and energy. I am so grateful for the level I got."
I think my grade is disappointing.Site visit to Kowloon Bay Zero Carbon building and Wanchai HolidayInn Hotel2 site visit reports1 poster design group project + presentation you can design your own investigation topic for the project
"Workload:Food Diary Reflection (~1000word)Mid Term TestFinal Food Project (Can be any form)Comment:A bit boring cause the professor just use pale white ppt for all lectures and the lecture content is a bit unorganized. Luckily, the assignments are not hard and the test is in open boom form."
Just so so... Liguo does not mean very good grade
Don't choose Calvin!
it's a trap
"Nice course. No project or assignment so no need to worry about free riders and shitty groupmates. Quizzes on every other week tho so you do need to put some effort into it. Final is fairly easy. MCQ for both final and quizzes. It'd be better if you have some bio background. The content is interesting. The accent of the English prof is easy to understand, but it is impossible to decipher the Korean prof's accent (not to be racist). You can get everything you need from the lecture notes tho so it is fine if you can't understand the Korean prof."
"Overall not many difficult areas; mainly open-book quiz, final exam, & group presentationHowever do be prepared for the tutor to be prone to picking on random people and mood swings, especially during presentations or opinions he disagrees with."
In Andy I trust ^^
There is no need to attend lectures if you are not interested. Only one lecture talked about the exam question which is important to attend. Exam is easy because it based on the tips given in that lecture. One of the midterm is in essay format. I didn't have any revision at all but i can still get B+ in that midterm.
"Only have 3 close book test, very easy. Every time i just spend one night to revise and my grade of the test still within the range of B to A-, no project and no attendance, no need to attend any lecture because it is useless especially when the lecturer is speaking in English, i tried hard and can not understand a word from them, the exam mainly focus on the notes and your common sense, don't understand why people can get c range in this course"
Learn nothing and finally got this grade.Wasting time
"If you want a better grade, you need to work more than what the tutor said(e.g. He said write about 1000 words, you wrote ~1200.A little bit boring, but this tutor follows the instructions.... so.... i feel fair about him."
Many quiz hard notesBoring
"I recommend. Teacher is nice. The lectures were boring but mostly I just hung out and chatted with friends. If you have a fun and hardworking group, this class is great. Workload is very manageableClass participation (20%)Group presentation (40%). 5 people, each person presents for ~7 minTerm Paper (40%). 1,200-1,500 words"
"I highly recommend this class. The prof. is really nice and the class is fun. A lot of international and exchange students take this course. We took field trips and watched videos in class and talked about some really interesting topics. As long as you can write and talk, you can do well in this course.Inequality Assignment = 20%. You make google map with some pics and a bit of writing. Group projectPersonal Maps (2a) or City Blog (2b) =20%. 1000 words, not too badDocumentary = 45%. Can be a group project, you can film on your phoneMissions & Games & Participation = 15%"
"I major in English, so this course wasn't too hard for me.The course content mainly revolved around linguistics and literature, which was quite fun in my opinion. I especially enjoyed the lectures on forensic linguistics (we got to analyze ransom notes and suicide cases!) and crime fiction. The lectures about negotiation and conversation analysis were quite useful as well."
"The course's workload is not heavy (but please read my further comment). There are no group projects, and for all 4 assignments, you can do it within 1 hour, the latest, for each, as long as you are familiar with the topic.However, this semester, the grading is quite competitive. In order to get A- or above, you should get your exam 87 or above, while for the exam, it would normally take you 110 out of the available 120 minutes.On the other hand, the instructor is excellent in terms of speaking and giving bonus points. He once told that his English is not so good, but it's understandable. Then, he provides 2 chances for bonus points:1. Code-cracking, only for the fastest student, +3 added to final mark.2. Bonus project (5-7 min video), open for all students, from +0 to +3 added to final mark.The instructor is also willing to help on students' difficulty. He also provides students chances to recheck their mid-term and final exam so that you may know where are your mistakes.At last, this course won't give you much pressure throughout the teaching period. However, I guess that if you want to get an A+, try to have an average of 96 or above, so get ready to do the assignments, bonus project, and compete during the mid-term and final if you want to get a high mark."
one open-book quizone group presentationone final essay 1000 wordsworkload is fine but the class is lol
"This course has six in-class exercise, one bi-weekly journal, one group project (progress report + final report + presentation) and one test (including MC and 3 essay questions)Although the workload is light, it is not a GE course that surely A range. There was no difference between students who studied at microeconomics or not before study this course. The 2-hour test was quite difficult to me, especially the essay questions, I only got 9 marks out of 20(not sure the total marks of short essay questions). My group mates and I are from college of business, which studied at economics in high school and CB2400 in semester a. However, all of us got B for this GE, not as well as our expectation of it."
he wants to let u pass and i want to pass :) we have the same goal!
It's okkkkkkkkkkkkkk.
without groupmates= ggI couldn't find some good and hardworking groupmates because all my friends decided not to register this course.
"I'm that English comment you're looking for. I stuck with this course because of the comments that it was very light, A+ and all that good stuff. BUT this was the first time the course had EXAMINATION with NO GROUP PROJECT, so take this in your own discretion.Course and Lecturer in themselves are interesting where I admittedly messed up in Midterms and Finals to get this grade. Alas, Prof. Jon is very approachable and forgiving where you can look at the exams and he will give you a bonus video and one other bonus to do which can pull your grade up. Assignments are not the easiest to do but they are doable nonetheless."
GOOD GRADE
RUBBISH course
"Even with report and presentation todo, the course is easy but the workload is a little bit heavy."
"Peter is a good tutor, he very nice,before exam he give a mock exam paper and two tutor class for exam,both of them is useful,can help us to know the concept.We can bring the cheat sheet into the exam.The exam require little bit calculation but is easy,not to much difficultThe two take home assignment on week 4&8,we can discuss with other classmate and just do some research on internet,then can finish."
It's simple and full of fun !Group is important to do presentation and project.There are 3 projects in total with Micro:Bit. Test won't be difficult if you do it carefully.
"As long as paying attention to the class, it is not hard to understand. The lecturer gives detailed explanation and many examples to explain.Individual assignment: Two particular assignment in week 3 and 5. Detail explanation to answer is necessary. Also, apply the theory have learned in lecture. Another one is mind map, and it may need some artwork to make the mind map higher marks."
My tutor is FOOKED UP byThanos
it's easy and most lessons will not take attendance.
Bad GradeBad ProfessorEmotional
"Never attend class after finding projectmates.Two MC tests which were pretty easy if you did go through the lecture notes for few times. One project, with project proposal, written report (common sense with supporting evidence) , AND presentation( which was cancelled due to the limited of time)The best GE course ever. Hea and good grade. All projectmates A range. Just work hard on tests and project and thats end, wont take you much time."
Easy course
Don’t reg this course useless you have a solid background on statistics.The lecturer don’t not care abt the project and assignment at all. No marking nor instructions are provided.
Very Good Courselots to recitelearn a lot
you must be very interested in this topic for you to get a good grade and enjoy the classattendance is taken but it doesn't affect your grade
"trash, noob, don't reg, is a trap."
"2 key of success: ATTENDANCE & GOOD PARTNERS. The min attendance is 10 classes throughout the semester, which looks pretty ok?! The answer is NO! An extra 10pts will apply if you cannot meet the min requirement. When absent, you will lose attendance + participation + classwork marks (25%) at once, very terrible. If you happen to have a free-rider, which is even worst as it definitely pull down your gpa. Prepare to buy the textbook if you do not want to screw up in exam. I find Toni is ok, at least responsible and friendly but her class require too much preparation for the weekly case classwork. If you need a relaxing course, think twice!"
"Dr. Chan Ho Mun is a very responsible lecturer, he always tries his best to explain the materials in class. Pay attention to the examples he applied, it might be useful in the workshop and final quiz. Strongly recommend choosing Germanine as your tutor. She is so patient and responsive in answering all the question no matter in email or in person.The workload is quite light,"
Rubbish RW
"The lecture is pretty straight forward. Even for people who are from different departments, the lecture slides are enough.As for the professor, he gives the grading without any explanation and refuses to revaluate any final papers. The finals again was straight forward questions about mean mode median etc. but the professor does not care at all.I worked really hard but the professor does not actually care and is very stubborn. Questions are not even entertained properly. Will not advise anyone to take this course if the professor is still there."
"The lecture is pretty straight forward. Even for people who are from different departments, the lecture slides are enough.As for the professor, he gives the grading without any explanation and refuses to revaluate any final papers. The finals again was straight forward questions about mean mode median etc. but the professor does not care at all.I worked really hard but the professor does not actually care and is very stubborn. Questions are not even entertained properly. Will not advise anyone to take this course if the professor is still there."
"This course contains heavy workload, and unfair judging method on presentation. This course is very difficult and will not launch in the future. According to Lu Yang, only Law, English, BBA, and BMS students obtain A-range. Many students from Engineering background only get B-range, and even lower than that grade. This course is trap and unreasonable. And cut-off mark is very high =_=. To sum up, I do not recommend students to take this course anymore if this course will be restarted. NO GE1330, No trap course anymore."
It is a Good course
The course is really amazing. It gives you a very holistic idea about the future of China and how did it reach here. The professor makes the class very engaging and meaningful. At the end we had to write a policy memo which I thought was pretty cool. It gave me a whole new view on seeing relations between Pakistan and China. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to have a critical view on China's rise!
"In-class exercise during tutorial hours, only count the best 6 or 8 times (1% every time), students can discuss or ask the lecturer for tips or even ask the lecturer to put off the submission ddl 1 mid-term test, only for lecture 1-5, super easyA group presentation using the hypothetical investment record, no format required 1 final exam, harder than mid-termNon-financial Calculator is allowed, formula sheet will be provided in the midterm test as well as the final exam Only did the examples and exercise sent from the lecturer would be enough to get good grades hahah But I am not sure whether it is because that this course was just opened this sem"
"As this is a new GE course, its assessment and workload is dynamic and changeable2 500-word essays about interesting economic topics, also have to do one presentation for the first essay (about 10 mins). Students have to find good topics themselves like why brides always buy their wedding dresses but not only rent them. 1 group project for a bigger topic like the Trade War1 group homework, easy, about 10 questions Have to submit 1-page reflection every week (you can make it double space, copy and paste sentences from slides and websites)Final exam! But we can bring 2 cheat sheets, sooooo easy, no calculation lolGood Teamwork is the most important thing! Remember that CB students cannot register this course, no chur students in this course hahahah"
"Not very difficult.Tutor is quite nice but it's kinda boring during lessons.Workload:1 infographic presentation1 argumentative essay (draft + final, both counted)1 reflective essay"
Good tutorMUST: Answer more question during classesInd Essay is quite difficult. There is no sample and everyone's topic is different
Ms. Lauw is a nice tutor. She will give us many good examples before we do our project. Highly recommended!
John is a very funny guy. He always made us laugh even it was in the morning (9:00am). But his comments were quite useless.
"Although it is hard to understand Dr. Zhang's English, the course is quite easy. I got above 90% overall score, but still got an A-. So you must do well in your final exam, and write down all steps."
- Assignment x 2 (20%)- Midterm x 1 (20%)- Group Project x 1 (20%)- Final Exam x 1 (40%)Helena is a very helpful tutor that always teaches us step by step to understand an algorithm. Highly recommended!
"For Lecture:- Dr. CHEUNG is funny and nice, so her lessons are quite interesting. - Need to do an exercise (2-3 questions) at the end of each lesson. Don't be late for more than 15 mins to attend the class (she may not allow you to finish the exercise).For Tutorial:- If you wanna get a higher grade, you must read many research papers.- Mr. Li is a very nice guy that is always willing to help, so you are suggested to consult with him for your group project.Lastly, ,."
"- Weekly exercises x 11(it is easy if you follow her instructions)- Online quizzes x6 (Bi-Weekly)- Attendance- 1 Project (VBA application + report (user manual)) [6 students per group]- 1 Assignment (2%, it is simple)- 1 Final Exam (very difficult)The tutor is nice. She used 1 hour to teach us and allowed us to work on weekly exercises in class (could ask the tutor any questions)."
"If you are good at calculating, then you can reg. 60% quiz (all questions are mathematical kinds) is all the matters.The lecturer doesn't care the individual report and project. When the student has the doubts and asks the lecturer question (especially for the ind. and pj), he keeps saying sth useless. He can not give me the exact grading for my individual report and project when I request the appeal for the course."
"English sectionGrade proportional to effortTutor is very helpful, consult often for presentation and essay"
"Workload: One presentation, One 2-page reflective essay, One exam, and participation.Structure of this course: This course will cover some introductory Buddhist teachings, and also the relationship between the Buddhist worldview and science (quantum mechanics)."
"Li Lin's lecture is easy. Most of the in-class tasks are MC questions. There is one compulsory guest lecture, which you will have to write a 300-500 word essay. Other than that, there is not much to do.Dr. Sharon Cheung's tutorial is fair. Each tutorial, you will have to give some comments on the presentation. You are also expected to raise questions during the tutorial in order to score participation marks. Dr. Cheung will give clear instruction on the presentation and the essay. As long as you follow her instruction, there will not be much trouble."
A1 (Adjustment email): 17.5A2 (Business meeting simulation): 15.5A3 (Persuasive email): 18A4 (Business plan presentation): 15A5 (Business plan): 16.5Conny is a nice teacher ^^
"- Reflective journal (20%), essay assignment (20%), group debate (20%), closed book quiz on last week (40%)- No exam, quiz is okay if you memorise powerpoints- 3 field trips, need to write 3000 words reflective journal on them"
"No midtermfinal 1 hour2 self assignment & 1 group project (total 70%) - peer assessment so importantReg this GE with 5 friend, only one B-, all C rangeexam easy, just revise notesbut LI SHAN is a trouble peopleGroup project is difficult to meet Li Shan's standardHard to get Good grade"
Course is a bit boring in the beginning. Exam was easy. Most of the important classes are on very basic game theory. No math background needed (I have none). I got a B+ because I kept forgetting to submit Econ Journals so I am satisfied.
"Rhonwyn is a great instructor. The lectures are pretty interesting and she offers consultations all the time, for every assessment component. She is always really helpful and I am pretty happy with my grade.Don't register for this class if you have poor English since there are debates, presentations, participation points, etc etc."
"1 presentation + 1 group report (3000 words) ---> 6 people in one group (15% +35%)1 exam (60mcs +10 True or False + 3 choose 1 long essay questions) (30%)Attendance and participation (20%)For group report, apply as much psychological theories as possible into the report and remember to check grammar. For presentation, try to be more presentable and get audiences attention. I got B+in presentation and A- in group report."
"Think twice before adding this course.The lecturer is very nice and always glad to help but still, I find the workload is extremely heavy.I wouldn't suggest anyone taking this course unless you belong to at least one of the following groups.- you are a non-year-one psy major student- you are used to reading books (in this course, you will need to study a whole book around 3 or 4 hundred pages)- you are free most of the time and are willing to spend them on this course- you really want an A and don't mind the heavy workloadworkload:mainly lies in the project and final while the other parts are easy to handleFor the project, you need to form a group of 5-6. Conduct a presentation and hand in a report with 3000 words (maybe, can't remember it well)For the final, mc + a 3-pick-1 long question. mc will cover most of the chapters. You need to demonstrate a good understanding towards them (not need to recite but at least know what it is). For the long question, you probably are asked to explain a part of the theory in depth."
debate reflective journal essayclose book quiz
Heavy workload very good course and good grade
"Solo project ,done!!"
"Before this course, I have no maths background and only scored level 3 in hkdse. However, I found this course very easy and the only thing you need is to work hard in order to get an A range.Highly recommend this course."
"Hi, I am SEM student. WORKLOAD SO MUCH, TUTOR SO BORING.YOU SHOULD DROP THIS WHEN YOU SEE THIS REVIEW!!!!!"
"Allan is the worst teacher I have ever meet since my primary school, and is also the first teacher who knows absolutely nothing about how to teach writing course and how to polish the phrases and vocabularies in the essay. Nor can he explain clearly what I should do to edit my essay. What he did in the classroom are only chatting unrelated things and playing silly games that do nothing good for our writing ability.Despite requests, he refused the unveil the standard he used to mark essays and infographics. This is very confusing--- we are expected to achieve the goal that we don't know exactly. In summary, if you can choose and if you want to improve your writing, Allan should never be your choice."
it is so hard for me to study
fok dou pk dklm always call ppl chuen dor eg Chan Yuk Wah.
"It is a very inspiring course that encourages us to start personal financial planning early for achieving the goal of financial freedom. The course is so practical that covers various aspects closely related to our daily life such as investment, housing, insurance, retirement and so on.Individual assignment (20%): compare different credit cards and write a reflection on an article you selected about personal financeIt is not difficult. Just do some research about credit cards. Relate the selected article with what you have learnt in the course.Group project (30%): provide a financial plan for the client in the case studyYou should start to do it early since you need to spend much time on doing research in different aspects such as mortgage, health insurance plan and mutual fund. Assuming the project as a real case, you need to consider some realistic situations such as inflation, having kids after marriage and change in MPF after job promotion. After finishing the project, you will know more about how to make a sound financial plan."
"Here look at me ( • ̀ω•́ )I think Toni is a very nice teacher, funny and enthusiastic about her job, You should know that to get a good grade in this course requires a LOTS of reading, the textbook (over 300HKD) is definitely require which you can acquire thought bookstore or friends who have brought it before, and should at least read thoroughly once in that semester to get a good grade in examination.(revision might requires you to read to whole book once more as it was a lot of knowledge that you can easily forget)"
Easy course with really light workload.Although attendance will be taken but you can ask your friends help you to take.No examination with a simple and short presentation.Highly recommend to all engineering students!!!!
"very good course light workloadgood gradebefore saying the grade of this course is bad or blaming the tutor, think about what you have done and how much effort you have spend on this course"
"There are: 1 group proposal, 1 field trip report, 1 group presentation and 1 individual assignment.The group proposal is only 15% of the course grade, if you want a high grade, just well-organise the content. It is a easy work."
The lecturer was not able to reach out for consultations. The only time I could ask question was break time.I will say the content of the course was VAGUE. Lecturer got her point of view and sometimes it could be biased.
"The lecture content is straightforward to the business student. Dr Tong is friendly, patient and willing to answer any questions!Group project:The project theme was of great importance to capture the attention of Dr Tong. It was about Chinese Intangible cultural heritage and we bought props for classmates to give it a try. Our group also put a high emphasis on the art design of group project ideas, powerpoint slides, and reports."
"2 x Assignment1 x Project presentation with paper (3-6 ppl)1 x ExamWorkload is very low, you can easily finish the assignment in a day and marks are good. Project is not difficult if you find good partners, remember to consult Peter about the topic and content. He will give very useful suggestions and this will help you to get high marks. I think some DSE econ background is preferred but not necessary since course materials is not difficult to understand. The examination is not difficult, most of the answers you can directly found in notes and discussion questions.conclusion: highly recommended : )"
I skipped half of lectures and tutorials. Fair enough.
Dont reg this teacher. This teacher has poor academic background who evaded taking HKALE English Exam and studied EDUHK for 4 years. She was harming lots of secondary school students during her teaching in the past and gave me a bad grade in previous sem A. Scream and horrible!!!!
"This is a very good GE course. Ted is a great teacher. However, it seems that this course will not be opened again. The new GE course is GE2338 Internet Applications and Security."
"A trapped course: Effort is not equal to grade. If you register this course, you should drop this course undoubtedly.Say No to GE1204."
"Ms Lauw, a Singapore English teacher, seems very nice to all students. However, she prefer gives a high grade to international students. Therefore, local students may not have any benefits in obtaining a high mark from her judgement. She also produces an excuse which tell you that you cannot get a high mark from her judgement (Excuse: Three India students had registered her course and gave three of them A minus in previous semester. Due to this incident, she was blamed by Dr. Becky Kwan.) However, Dr. Becky Kwan expressed to me that there was no incident like that and said that her judgement is like that which show her personality. Scream and horrific!!! If you have register or are preassigned Ms Lauw as your teacher of GE2410, you should change to another teacher because you deserve getting a better grade from another teacher. My mark allocation:Task 1:14.9/20Task 2: 15.3/20Task 3: 7.4/10Task 4: 15/20Task 5: 15.1/20Attendance(Maybe): 8.5/10Cut-off mark of B+(Around): 76/100"
Intensive course for students majoring in other subject but not architecture.It returns if you put efforts in studying this course and actually you only need to study 4 powerpoint for the exam which may only take you 2 to 3 days to revise well.
"Louie Sieh always speaks very fast with her ""good"" English and give the low mark. Exact7ly, she is a killer.All of you must attend the site visit which is boring. There is the reflective journal(every week), group project and essays in coursework. The workload is really heavy."
"Workload: It must be admitted that the workload is quite heavy... Particularly since the course is offered in the Summer sem, of which you must be able to manage your time wisely. There are several journals and site visits arranged in the course schedule. The workload is quite a great deal particularly at the end of the semester. There is only a very short time interval between the assignments so you must work quite hard successively. Attendance is not really important for the grading though. Nevertheless, class participation such as answering questions may help you to gain a good impression.Grading: Someone say that the tutor is a killer but I can hardly agree with this. In fact, you must pay attention to the comments of which the tutor makes and modify your assignments accordingly. If you simply cross your arms and do nothing after consultation then it is virtually impossible for you to get a good grade. At least the tutor will not have a good impression on you.Site visit: It is quite important for you to concentrate during the site visits. Moreover, if you choose a place to describe in your assignments, then you shall actually visit that place or at least find some information beforehand on the internet. If you chooses a place of which you are unfamiliar with, then it is not really possible for you to generate a decent and innovative piece of work."
"It is hard to know what the lecturer talking about, I can hardly understand a word he say coz he is very heavy accent.Besides of this, the content of this class is not for newcomer, i really suggest you should not take this course if you do not know what is zero-sum game."
""
There are two assignments and an exam in this course. I am majoring in accountancy and find this course quite useful in planning for your own asset portfolio. I am honored to get the highest marks in both assignments so in turn getting the A+.1) Individual Assignment (20%)Mean 14.x Highest 18.xIt requires you to do a self reflection on a news related to finance. Any topics would be fine. But make sure you write more and include some other references such as graphs and charts about related concepts (e.g. time value of money). Not difficult to get marks above mean.
"This course is.... flaw. Architecture is an abstract thing and ok,,, i learnt something,,but the exam is totally ridiculous. you are required to answer who is the architect of the buildings and what is the name of the architecture. Who the fuck cares about this if you do not study architecture?! Overall, it doesn't derseve you to take this course if you want to get a good grade (for non-architecture/BSE/CIVIL/Structural major students)."
Killer + demanding workload
"Overall workload was okay, mostly group work so choose your group mates wisely.Course is more verbal based as almost 40% of course is oral .Kevin is a great teacher and would often help you out if you face any difficulties ."
"Every lesson, there will be a in-class exercise, but it takes around 10 minutes. The exercise is easy to handle, as it covers the material of that day lecture. The examination is super easy, as he will suggest which part should we revise at the last lecture.It is 18/19 Sem A now, but I am still writing a comment about this course in 17/18 Sem A, because I want to let more people know this course."
Babe no don’t do this to yourself U will regret lolWorkload is fineHomework is fineYour grade is crapAnd u won’t know what hit you
John is actually very nice and is really passionate about teaching. Some of the lectures are quite interesting as they involve lots of controversial criminal cases. Attendance is taken for both lectures and tutorials so that might be an issue if you cannot put in time to attend classes. The workload is not bad in comparison to many other GEs. Exam is actually pretty straightforward as it is an open book exam. The notes that you go through in class contains about 70% of the answers so if you have read them before attending the exam you will do decently.
lecturer is funny. Good to take this course~
"very difficult, the tutor actually is not willing to answer question after class, and have a mean and not helpful groupmate, then lead to fail."
nearly 0 workload and easy A+. Exam is not about what RW has taught in the classes WTF. and easy project. Quantity>Quality. And I don't even know how I can get an A+.
"Although I got an A-, but I didn’t know why I got this grade, it's too surprising.I literally missed all the classes (90%), only attended the present. I didn’t revise for exam, so I personally think I wrote very suck for the essay part."
"He's the most talkative and interactive local teacher!!! I like him a lot!I've read previous comments before signing up for the course. Comments were all about how heavy the workload the class was and how your grade would suck if you don't have a good proficiency in English.To be honest, I didn't contribute very much to the group project (group presentation and group report). I only gave an easy introduction and conclusion for our group presentation. There were even 2 people who freerode our whole group work. 3 people working on 5-person work."
Mr.Pak is very kam
"MidtermFinalA few in class assignments, but you have a day to work on them and submit online. They are easy.Very nice (and nerdy) professor. He clearly loves math and is very smart. He also is really into movies. I really liked his course."
Actually a very interesting course if you are interested in knowing flaws in logic and try to be inventive about ways to perceive things.
"Sherman is easily one of the most caring professors. He is kind and considerate and knows all his students by name. The course is very abstract. It's actually rather easy, but if you're as anxious as me, you can easily overthink things and make things harder than they need to be because the guidelines aren't always very clear. As with any GE course, very important to have a good group with you. The group assignment and the final group report can be demanding. However, Sherman, as he is in most aspects, is rather kind with the grading."
"If you don't mind dosing off to someone saying cliched bits of advice, take this course. Estella can be a little insufferable sometimes and Ray is probably the most timid man I have ever encountered, so them telling you how to be is actually very ironic. It's almost funny. Also, if you end up in a group you don't share the same style or idea with, it can be messy. Especially since one single presentation carries 40%. It's a pretty easy course, just showing up will get you through it all with an A range . However, as far as I heard, it really depends on the tutor. I had some friends who took it the previous term rave about being able to express themselves and all the lecture notes being interesting. It was definitely not the case with Estella and Ray."
"agree with a previous comment, grade = effort."
"1 quiz 1 exam 4 asg1 bonusDidnt do the bonus proj, asg not full mark. But overall 95% for the course = A+Super easy course, u can choose not to attend lectures if u master those concepts well (doesnt mean you do the problem set correctly but real understand why and what)just need to spent few hours to read the notes and problem sets on the day of exam (not math major background anyway)"
"This is a course with no textbook, no mid-term and no exam. 40% self-reflection assignments, 20% class participation & classworks, 40% group project. The course is designed to have a group exercise every week to build up the project at the end. The group project is very heavy weighted and having great peers is critical to good grade. Toni is very knowledgeable about the subject and shows great interest in our innovation ideas. She is one of the rare professors that is very approachable whenever our group encounter problems. I also get a much better understanding about the social problems in Hong Kong, which is quite inspiring. It is a great fun GE course. The only downside is the class time, which is Monday early morning class."
This subject is only useful if you are really interested in the curriculum and are expected to possess certain level of fundamental knowledge in the field of civil engineering.Jason to a certain extent is an excellent teacher in terms of his passion yet is far from praise-worthy in terms of giving clear instructions and proper delivery of lecture. It's not interactive and drive people to sleep.
"Although i have done a lot of extra works or join extra activities that he recommended, it is so hard to get A+. However,overall, Dr Jason is a very charm, social and prestigious professor. His lecture is so useful and down to earth."
"Melody is a good professor in terms of teaching or explaining the requirement of the assignment, she might not be a lenient examiner when marking assignment/giving grade.20 % Class ParticipationTutorial/Lecture would take attendance, don't skip any of it. DONT SKIP the presentation session in last 2 lecture since you have to fill in the evaluation form for each group and it count into your participation."
"1. Class Attendance and Participation (10%)TA would use card reader to take attendance at the first 15 minutes of every lecture/tutorials. If you care your grade, don't skip any of the it.2. Online Homework (15%)There were 3 online homework in this semester. Each homework contained 5-7 short questions related to the teaching material covered in the tutorial. You would have no problems to get all the answers if you have attend those tutorial session. John would give one week for us to complete the task on Canvas, though you only need 15-30 minutes to finish them."
"This course includes 4 open-book quizzes which are very easy and you actually can find the answers on the internet.For the presentation, PY is a nice teacher who will give you feedbacks very soon after you send her an email. Consultatation is suggested for setting up the topic of your project and presentation."
"Very easy mathematics course. As long as you attend lectures and tutorials and finished those trivial exercises, the grade will be great. Recommend the course and Dr. Zhang Qingfu."
"Allan's course is not interesting. For me, I didn't learn from him a lot. He just read ppt and sometimes organized a boring activity. But undeniable the grade was...was acceptable, though not good."
"Recommend the course without reservation. The course mainly talks about how to use different software to visualize some features of the text. The workload is heavy: paper of 2500 words, 10min individual presentation, a proposal and a final exam. My presentation is no creative, but I got an A-. Already satisfying."
"Almost every week will have a quiz. Also, there will be a individual lab report.Lastly, there is an exam. (All long questions)For quiz, I got around 80% mark for each quizFor individual lab report, we dont know the mark as he didnt distribute to usFor exam, I answer 70% of the questions."
"40% Quiz 1 (Module1-2, 60mcs) 30% Quiz 2 (Module 3, 15mcs and 1 essay question)30% Presentation+Poster+Booklet (5 ppl per group)me: quiz 1 : 51/60 mean:42: quiz 2 : wont distribute, but i think 12-13/15: presentation+poster+booklet: we so hea, the performance not too good"
Year 1DSE Chinese level 3100% attendance & punctualAssignment 100% completed & punctualGrade: much lower than expected
"15% Quiz 1 (25MCs): 72/100 (mean 72.3) 15% Quiz 2 (25MCs): 84/100 (mean 75.6)30% Group project: 18/20 for the report, 7.5/10 for the video, mean = 16.8 + 830% Twitter assignments: 3 times 3/3, 2 time 2.9/3, 1 time 2.8/3, 2 times 2,7/310% Attendance rate: 100/1003% Bonus mark: 3/3Workload is not heavy and the grading is good. Course content is inspiring and Crystal is a nice professor."
"as a computer science student, i found this ge course very useful as the course content covers different areas of managing personal finance(saving, budgeting, credits, mortgage, investment, retirement)this is not an easy course for non-business students since it is a bit too technical, but hard work will help"
Assignment 1: Write an email on handling complaint. Score: 16.5/20A2: Business Discussion: 15/20A3: Write email on giving advise 15/20A4: Presentation on business plan 15/20A5: Business proposal score unknown
"There are four parts in this courses: QuizAssignment Group project ExamQuiz is quiet difficult , even though I am BBA student , I only got 37/50(A grade)Assignment (full marks), better find someone who have studied this course and give you resourcesGp-our group consulted Mr.Ho for many times, he is nice and smart, every time he can answer our questions and give meaningful advices. If you are hardworking and consult him frequently, you will get a good grade.Exam-very hard! Some calculations even we haven’t learnt in class! If you have a good business sense, you can reg this course. If not, good luck!"
One Group presentation one 2000 word essay 1000 word reflectionStructure is similar to UE but workload is relatively light.Class attendance not compulsory as long as your friends help you tick it.
"An easy course, really good gradeEasy quizzes"
grade = effort
"he is picky on grammar and pronunciation, but less care about contents and wording."
"allen prefers factual topics than some controversial topics,e.g. should uber be legalised in hk/ should renewable energy be promoted in china? (what he like)e.g. plastic surgery/ political identity of hk ppl/ gay marriage (he will be picky n give many discouraging comments)lesson is relaxing n free but he doesn't like late students, and he seldom give useful guidelines to ushe is a christian but i wrote moral essay (turn out i got a B)"
"20%Quiz(close book) related to seeing:scientific and general understanding of image formation, scientific visualization, perception and interpretation 60%Project (open topic chosen by student )-Progress report-Peer review-Project presentation20%Final Reportbetter to have some knowledge in physics about light if you want to reg this course"
"Very very heavy workload, but if you can devote your time into this course and have some programming experience, the outcome will be satisfactory. But in this sem, only one or two students got A+.Also, the teacher is trying to make some obstacles to CS and EE students, to balance their experience, for example, the teacher do not allow students to have a topic connected with CS or EE in the final project."
"2 in-class quizzes: open book1 project: 4000 words for a group of 5 (case study). Have a sample to follow1 mc ""exam"": 80 mc, quite difficult and I didn't prepare well. (Therefore, I only got A- and my groupmates got A)Overall, you need to have good groupmates for the project."
"Reg this tutor becoz I was not able to reg those ""popular"" ones.The topic is decided by drawing lots, our grp has got the ""military"", that according to him, the past group with this topic cannot stand out. However, we did, so more consultation can make it."
"as an international student with an intention to work in China, I learned a lot about Chinese history and culture in the course. I put effort and got a reasonable grade."
Department of Computer Science A+
easy as fuckonly essay and MC quiz
"Ms Yau is really nice and helpful. Don't be a deadline fighter, amend your essays for a few more times and that's it :)"
"Only presentation and essay! The class is really fun and the professor shows many many videos making the class less boring. Content is extremely easy!If you want a light workload GE and are willing to work for the presentation (he will give you a good grade if you follow everything he says during consultation), go ahead!"
"Calvin was awful. Thick ass accent, class was just students trying to contribute to the ""discussion""... First thing he'd ask when you got picked was ""where u from?"" As if that matters? ... He asked a Korean kid if he was ""into kpop"". That's pretty racist imo."
Extremely workload!!!DO NOT ADD THIS COURSE!!!
"Absolutely boring, but there's not much workload.Because of being absent-minded in class, I found it hard to grasp the criteria, and thus the grade is very unsatisfactory."
Tutor
"-Comment:Don't know what is learnt ... But grade is fine...Not high at all-Workload: 1 mc quiz + essay + 1 seminar + no absent-For quiz, (19/25)Apply knowledge from notes of lecturers ( except Raymond's-For essay,Just write a long essay in 2 hour to respond 2 questions related to construction. Don't know how to be graded. (Grey area)(write more words may get a higher grade) -Seminar: presentation is quite interesting. Souvenirs are great (only AR seminar providesRaymond gives grade base on his feeling. Don't try to argue.Summary: so call HEA course but may not be good grade. Be careful."
always attend lectures and tutorials. attendance matters. be punctual too.
"follow the instructions in lectures and tutorials. do the readings, consult the tutor. I put effort and got a reasonable reward."
This course teaches you how to write in an academic tone which is useful when you are planning to write academic papers in the future.The course work includes 1. Infographic2. Argumentative Essay in academic tone
"You have 2 Individual reports, 2 group projects and 2 quizzes; The name of the course is very misleading it is more about 3d printing than design and the lectures are very boring as well. Th course teaches us a lot about 3d printing but you're not allowed to 3d print at all. The quizzes have very open ended questions and it is difficult to get a good grade on it"
"in-class assignment after lessons, quite difficult and time-limitedif you have great time management and work hard, you can prepare well for mid-term and examit is not a good option if you want to get a good grade easily and effortlessly"
Year 1Local studentNot interested in History at all100% attendance & punctualAssignment 100% completed & punctualDid not read any reading of this course
Year 1DSE English level 4100% attendance & punctualAssignment 100% completed & punctual
"In general, I can say that it is not the course that you can decide ur grades by working hard. If u want to get good grades then PLEASE!!! don't choose this course cuz you need to face huge risk."
"This course was kinda boring, but not that difficult.We had a group project and an essay. For the essay, we had to submit 2 separate drafts."
1. A Killer who appeared to be nice2. The highest mark of the argumentative essay 1st draft in our class is around 16 to 17. I am one to two marks lower. Infographic (I met free riders) is the average of ALL CLASSES (Congrats to killer class) Self commentary sem end that's y idk. Get a B.
"Weighting: 30% Presentation (7-8 people per group) 30% Quiz 20% Individual Paper 20% In-class exercises and participation (Must attend the lecture, must take attendance)As a local student, I think the course is not difficult, but be very careful when forming groups. The tutor will ask a lot of questions after each group's presentation. The individual paper requires you to write around four pages. If you like skipping classes, then it is not the course you should take. You will get an ""F"" grade if you skipped more than 3 lectures. I personally just skipped once because you will have to put your name down on the in-class exercise worksheets which is given out every lectures."
"Google the quiz answers before lessons so you can play computer games. :o)Final exam is so difficult and even though you have studied all the notes(lecture and word note), you may still don't know the answer. If u have physics and chemistry backgrounds, it will be more easy for you to get high marks in mc part.For the fill in blanks, just leave it blank is better than writing the wrong answers and deduct marks, as there are not many marks you have owned T.TAlso, it is suggested to go to the solar lab to do the field trip report, my friend and I have done so and we both get higher grade than our teammates who do the VR space trip, even though our final test mark are nearly the same."
"5 bi-weekly journals, 8 course activity sheets signed by your classmate on the class and presentation evaluation report have gave you 23 marks in sort of freely way. The things you need to focus on are just final exam and project report. I did not have any economic background before and have a little impression on the course in 4 days before the examination. After learning about 20 hours, I got a good grade, near the highest grade. For the project, applying what you learn from this course is so important. But once you do like that and have no obvious area to be improved in the project. You will get high level. Doctor Ho is a very friendly and humorous person who you will always like. I learnt many essential economic concept in interesting ways but save much time and energy. I am so grateful for the level I got."
A good course to learn the very basics of data mining and analysis.The group presentation is VERY important (50% of your grade)! Best way to get good grades is to pick smart and good English speaking teammates. The group presentation is not too hard if you leave yourself enough time and prepare well.
"she is a nice and patient tutor.The workload of this course is quite light.Only infographic and one argumentative essay.Zarah will explain everything to us, reg her if you want a good grade"
Many workload. You will never get low grade if you work hardGood teacher
Register this course if you want low grade :)
"Throughout the whole course, I only attended 3 lectures, the first lecture, the quiz, and the presentation.And the best part is, you only need to come in when you need to present. I only studied one night before the quiz, and I got 36/50, while the mean is 27.3 (or sth similar)."
"The lecture is conducted in Mandarin. You may ask her questions about your own presentation even you are not in her tutorial class. It's a little bit boring lecture but if you do pay attention, you will learn something new.The tutor is cute and friendly. Standard workload."
"Very boring but low workload, only two assignment."
Very nice course to get a good grade to improve ur GPA. The workload is low since there are only two assignment. The group project has 50% score so u should find some good teammates.
"Ms Lauw is a very nice and friendly teacher, she is always willing to help students. if you want to get a good grade for this course, show her your work and always ask for her comments.If you want to learn, she is a good choice since she will carefully mark your works and return to you with comments.*Do NOT expect get A range for this course."
"Group member is VERY VERY VERY important. We have a freerider that pulls down the report grade, terrible! We should tell Toni earlier but we did not able to find out terrible problem until the last few days before presentation. The course is interesting with a few difficult business concepts. But generally, reading the textbook can help. There is a weekly classwork every week. Exam covers almost all of the textbook. The assignments workload is ok but the revision of exam is very heavy. The lecturer is nice and friendly. She is very quick with email reply if you have any problems (just do not send her anything serious last minute)."
"As a year 1 engineer student, this GE is not easy and everything need to learn from scratch. I treat this GE like my core subject. Getting good grade requires time and if you are able to complete the chapter readings (2 chapters per week!) and revise much earlier. The classworks are easy and as long as you show up class on time and write longer, you should get the grade. The group project is very important and by luck, I do not have any freerider in the group. The research of data can be time consuming and should start earlier. Toni is a very patient and kind lecturer. Our group consulted her a couple of times and get A in the report. The MC of exam is quite difficult. It is surprising. Some of the questions ask for very details in the textbook. Toni is a very responsible and caring lecturer. The only problem I can find is her powerpoint, which is not very helpful in exam revision. But Toni already tells us that ppt is her teaching tool, not our studying tool!"
1 Group Project (Progress Report+Presentation+Final Paper) 1 Bi-weekly journal. Both are easy as long as your teammates are not free riders. He would accept mostly all ideas you put in the journal. The most important one is the final test. But also easy if you have studied Economics in secondary school.
Exam is difficult.
"One group project and individual term paper. The teacher is quite nice and you can learn a lot about management from him. For the group, three of them are freeriders and I think our report is a little bit...simple. So it is reasonable to get this mark. If you are interested in management, don't hesitate and choose this GE. If you only want a great grade, you can have a better option."
"He is a new teacher in this semester. He is a funny and smart guys. He organized very well on each class, e.g. many mini group tasks/games, structure. He seems perfer ppl to attend the class on time. He will also send you a reminder email on each week begins. He was willing to provide you some hints or requirement that he want. e.g. how the structure is needed. how the marking scheme is. And it seems not so much a grade in his class, but most of us are b range. His marking is fair to all students. There also two break during the lessons in normal, sometime one break only. He must a good teacher for you if you want a funny and fair tutor."
"In short: not recommendedTo be fair, I took away something from the classes and the selection of reading materials were quite interesting. However, for the sake of your GPA, do not take this course as it is very difficult to get a good grade. I got 5** in English for the HKDSE( not saying this to brag, just to provide context) and I did all the assignments seriously. Did a lot of extra reading too. Yet, I still got a B for my final grade......"
Engage in the class will definitely be rewarded. Smart city is an interesting and popular topic so Andy's class is fascinating as well. But make sure you pick a good group mate so they don't screw up your grade. Over half of the class were actually in the A range. Definitely recommended for someone who is looking for a good grade.
"Course is not hard we have in class exercise every week which occupied 40% of the final score. So make sure you attend the lecture. Exam is also not hard at all consider everyone left early. He gave tips for the exam in the last lecture, so the questions are somewhere within expectation.Overall, the course is not difficult and Ron is a great teacher with great patient and nice attitude. Definitely recommended for those looking for a good grade."
"The course is reasonable. There is no mid-term and no individual assignment. The group assignment is heavy-weighted and the quality of group member is critical. The MC of exam is surprisingly challenging and you need the textbook. The essay part is very straight-forward and easy. The lecture takes attendance every week. Do not miss any classworks. The content of the classwork will be tested in the exam. But as long as you do them seriously, it should be ok. Toni is very nice and interesting lecturer. Her class is not boring. I find something new to learn from her classes but she is very strict about taking attendance and class rules. It should not be difficult to get an A as long as you prepare ahead. (As a final year student, I can only revise during last week and end up with a B+)."
A very good course. The teacher (Mark) is very friendly and clearly explains the requirement of the course. It is a 100% course-work domainThe grade distributiona) 3 Quizzes (3x10% each)- 30%b) Close analysis of an essay (20%)c) Compare/Contrast Essay (30%)d) Class participation/Attendance (10%)e) Group presentation (very easy) - 10%
"Dr Chan is a very nice lecturer but the class is very boring so you likely fall in sleep. Group Project and the final quiz are very important toward the grading. Assignment is not that hard, you can review the lecture note and easily find out the logic and complete the assignment."
"Boring lectures (the lecturer won't let us use our laptops), and he really values group discussions. There are many many group discussions during the lectures. However, you will get used to his lecture structure, it is just the first two lessons where you will find it difficult to sit through his classes.We have to write 2 individual essays, 1x1000 word class reflection essay (just bs), 1x2000 word essay on a topic of your choice (he is very flexible with what topic you choose). There is also one big group presentation."
"The professor is quite nice, but this course does have a heavy workload. You have to hand in a 250 word e-portfolio/mini essay every 2 weeks or so based on a specified text in the course. They are worth about 10% each and there are 5 of these e-portfolios.250 words may not seem like much but the professor cares very much about quality and structure, as well as citation. Therefore, you will have to spend some time on the e-portfolios."
"Yr1, study Econ in DSE- in class assignment, every lesson and have to be done in limited time- project being carried luckily but I dont understand a thing and could not contribute much - hard to understand calculationsDO NOT REG IF YOU DIDNT STUDY BUSINESS/FINANCE RELATED SUB BEFORE"
"The materials learned are very useful and the lectures are never boring with many in class activities XDWorkload is quite heavy, however it's still reasonable. Quiz is quite challenging as it requires full understanding of the materials and simply memorizing them won't work."
"I am yr1 student. I think the teacher is quite nice. Be honest, I have three marvelous group-mates, they finished most of the difficult parts of the group project. I think you should find some creative group-mates or friends as you need to have a role play as a team in a company. One presentation, one meeting and a few of paper works, quite easy I think. B is fine as my English is bad. Add oil la XD"
This subject is what others expect to be good grade. Our grp did super well in project and he praised us good. I was super confused with this grade. I think it's the tutor problem. Do not reg this course or you will regret it! !!!
"Except need to buy textbook, other parts are fine. Just need to revise hard for exam and do in class properly then it's fine.Great efforts pay off."
"95 A+92 A90 A-85 B+Professor is nice and funny.Over 30% of students get A range, but I think the math is not easy; however, there will be a sample paper for you to practise."
"Nice tutor overall.Assignment 1 (20%) : Complaint Adjustment Email. You have to reply to a customer who is unhappy about the service that your company provided. ~300 words, week 4 in-class individual work."
Bad GradeDon't reg if you want good grade
nth to say disappointed grade
poor grade poor grade
"Coursework: 1. Portfolio entries2. Group PresentationDuring the course, it is required you post an entry that replies to the prompt that shown every week during class. You also have to do a group presentation that shows your thought on the different readings that were studied in the course. Group mates are important, you really don't want a free rider for an assignment worth 50%."
Very good teacher with detailed explanation.
This course is bad.
"The arrangement is changed during the class time. Part of the grade for HW and PJ is changed into group assignment.Participation: as long as you stay in the classroom, you are permitted an 8%. However, many of the classmates do not appear in the summer term."
The course is not bad.
"Mei Yung is a very terrible teacher, does not allow students use computer in class. It is obvious that she is a racist because she allows exchange students to eat in the class and local students are not allowed to do so. Always pick on students who she consider ""does not behave well"" in class, so immature of her as a teacher."
quiz+2000 word essayvery easy
Obtain a A-range grade in this course is extremely difficult. Choosing which tutor doesn't matter.
"Workload:1 Final test (8-10 compulsory short questions and choose 2 out of 3 long essay questions in 2 hours if I remember correctly)1 Group Project (Presentations) Topics chosen from a list provided by the instructor1 Essay regarding your project topicIf you reg this course and hope for constructive discussion in class, you may be disappointed."
I am not sure whether Airlie Heung had prepared for her classes. She often seemed too unprepared for the topics she was going to teach.She had to teach Han Kang's works but failed to identify some essential Korean cultural traits conveyed in the story. She does not know there is democratic election in South Korea and the dynamic social movements that brought about the social changes; she taught Shirley Lim's poetry on HK's Umbrella Movement but missed out the minute details as to why the protesters became disunited like 'pieces of puzzles'.
"No textbook copy available in the library. Students are ""forced"" to buy textbook. Very strict attendance. Exam covers lots of details of the course. The workload is too much for a GE."
"Concepts and terminologies are too difficult for a GE course. The exam covers lots of details in the textbook. My grade suffered alot after this course. The level of difficulty is more like a psychological core course, not a GE. Definitely would not take it again if I have a second chance."
do all lab is a mustthe last written quiz was a little bit hard
"Actually I studied this course in 2016/17 summer. The condition is my class is very special, except 3 full-time students (including) others are all part-time students with job as social workers. So to be honest, I had a hard time to carry the group project (I did 80% or more) to fight for the A range, as it counts for 40%. It requires diverse presentation methods such as game (audience interaction), role play, drama so it is not easy. It also demands much the application of concepts and further research of related theories. In almost every lesson, I answered questions or shared my experience for the 20%participation marks. There is 40% for the individual paper, just write it normally with citations is ok. I think this grade is already OKAY as this teacher does not usually give A range, and she confessed she never gave out A+. While I am having this as night lesson while working in the daytime, and with hea group mates, I am satisfied. This is not an easy course, particularly with this tutor (but i mean B range is ok as long as you dont aim A range)"
The entire lecture was pretty informative and Jason was a nice lecturer
"Airlie is NOT a good teacher she doesn't understand what she herself is teaching. she is bad at English, therefore, does not understand what you have written in the essays even if it is right. course work is heavy you have to read book excerpts of about 50-100 pages each of boring literature on which you're quizzed every 2/3 weeks. THe quizzes are tough.There's also a group project in the end in which Airlie expects you to do something that contradicts the guidelines that she herself has set!"
"Ms Lauw teaches very well, offering clear instructions on what we should do. She also facilitate in-class discussion and encourage students, especially those weaker in English to provide their opinion .She is patient and will always do her utmost to reply to every student questions.You can also send your assignments to her for comments and she will reply with constructive feedback on areas for improvement. However, you have to put in your own hard work if you are aiming for a 'A' grade."
"crazy marking scheme, 78.8% = C+"
"I am a year 3 BBA student and this course have a number of overlapping concepts with the CB2300 Management course so it is not difficult for me. It may be difficult if I had this in year 1. Toni is fun, nice, responsible and a great teacher. I find her classes interesting and have something to learn each time. Lecture usually lasts for the first 2 hours. The last hour is for group classwork and Q&A. I do not find the exam very difficult (again, because I learnt around half of them in my management courses before). Students from non-BBA may find the terms and theories difficult. Need to read the textbook for exam."
"good GEgood tutor, at least he is fair to everryonerevise well for both quizzes then easy Aquiz 1 only mcquiz 2 mc plus a short essaygroup project find good pjmates la"
"If you like photography, his lectures are interesting, but he focuses on portrait photography and does little landscape photography. Better to follow want he wants than have your own style.The grade is very subjective. Imagine a motion-blurred photo getting an A and another photo he praised a lot getting only B, not sure how he grades photos as his only comment is ""wow"". I think even NatGeo's Kelvin Yuen cannot get A in this course."
Fun coursehave Field TripLesson quite interestingExtremely easy if you have experience in chemistry
Good TeacherHea courseTake this course if you are interested in Chinese architectureBut you have to create a website with suggested software1. 10Mc Quiz2. 2 page assignment3. Group presentation4. Case study ( your powerpoint or website of your presentation)
"Airlie Heung doesn't seem to know literature well. She did not offer useful advice nor comment except for 'Good topic sentence'. When students disagree with her ideas, she considers it wrong without thinking about their argument and examples drawn from the text.A Waterloo graduate of Literature!!!"
"Although I appreciate getting a quite-good grade for this course, I must say that Annie is an irresponsible teacher. Yes, her powerpoints are quite comprehensive, but actually only a small amount of the slides are taught (around 15%), and for the rest, she says that there's no need to revise, as she only put it there in case we are interested to know more. The 15% taught, however, are very very simple. It is almost common sense. They are the basicbasic concepts of auditing.Well, as I was a final year student (graduated now), I wanted to actually learn something and end my U life in a meaningful way, but if you regmany credits already, and are looking for something easy and relaxing, you can choose this course."
"Toni is a nice and responsible teacher, however the amount of theories and concepts needed to memorize for this course is overwhelming. Toni makes everything sound easy by only covering parts of the textbook, and she tells us interesting stories in class, which IS fun and relaxing. However, she also stresses the importance of reading the textbook. She tells us that it is a must to have access to the textbook, whether you are to buy it or borrow it from the library (I think there are 1-2 copies in the library? Anyway, I bought the textbook.) For a GE course, it is quite ridiculous to cover almost everything in a business textbook (she omitted 1-2 chapters as I remember), and there are many keywords and concepts to understand and remember. I did revise, EVERY chapter required, without complaints (errrr dunno how I am to complain anyway), although this IS quite ridiculous, given that this is a Level 2 GE course, but, as the exam was partly MC and partly long question:Part A: 60 Multiple choice Questions (50%) - compulsoryPart B: Case study: 2 questions (30%) - compulsoryPart C: Long essay question: Choose 1 out of 2 (20%)...in other words, if I did not ""tip zhung"", and revise the associated concepts COMPREHENSIVELY for the 30% case study concepts and the 20% long essay question, then I will GG for 50%! Dunno if this makes sense, but this was how I felt after the exam. Well, but I guess the real problem isn't about the exam format, but the ridiculous amount of concepts needed to revise for a GE course."
"Everything is nice except for the exam. The difficulty is more like a core-course. I think GE course should not have any attendance policy. Attendance counts for participation marks as well. Fortunately, the group assignment is manageable. This course is difficult for non-business students like me."
"I prefer course that does not stick closely with the course text and this one is perfect for me. We are allowed to choose our topic, tools, and even ways of presentation. There are lots of flexibility in our assignments (but some may feel loss with the simple assignment guideline). The assignment allows students to explore social issues of HK and come up with any solutions. The preparation can be tiring (most of the workload lies in the group report) but I find very fruitful. I have a much deeper understanding about this city after taken this course. It is fun and interesting."
Workload: Really not muchThere have 5 reading journals to do. Comment on the reading journals.
Fortunate to get a B+ with late submitting the video.Attendance checking - by doing online mini quizzes. scores in mini quizzes does not count into the final grade. so just get them done.
"Overall speaking, this is a well-organized course with not-so-heavy workload. in-depth studies into animal welfare and the problematic human view that we are used to.The tutor is quite strict as to class discipline. If you appear after he took the attendance, you are likely to be seen as absent. Attendance and class participation are important. DO NOT eat in class and DO NOT talk to your peers except you are told to discuss. Seems that he did not jot down who answered his questions in class but raising your hands from time to time may leave good impression."
"Don't miss class, Don't eat, Don't talk etc and respect him & the classBe concentrated as the tutor is quite strict in class managementDeep discussion on animal welfare and ethical issues"
"2 parts: creativity and rationalityFor rationality, it was an easy version of Introduction to Logic. 2 MC quiz."
"This course doesnt take attendance and has no group projects, which is a great thing for a final year student like me.There are 3 assignments which require you to understand the readings he assigned. Those readings are all about important topics like justice, equality, sexism and lots more. I enjoyed learning about all these topics and believe that every undergrad should learn about it. I got all 9/10 and its easy to get a good grade if you read some summary online and get the overall meaning."
"I was quite surprised when i got an A+ because the teacher doesn't tell you your grades for your quiz or assignments.To get a decent grade for the quiz, you have to have a basic understanding of the readings. Which might sound easy but when you start reading you would find it pretty daunting as it is packed with both science and philosophy jargons. I actually doubt if the professor understood the readings as he asked questions like who is the author of a particular essay and whats the title about ..."
"The teacher is a bit weird and has strange mood swings. It's quite hard to grasp what he wants from the students. However, you just have to complete an assignment, a quiz and a group project, which are all pretty easy tasks.The teacher does pick on people whose English ability is weak and he publicly embarrassed one of my group mates."
"I think the tests were pretty easy, didn't bother to read most of the readings but I got okay grades in the tests - It was mainly just applying the principles or theories learned in class. People who don't write well may have trouble in this course.I didn't really put much effort in the final quiz - there was a video, and I wasn't very familiar with the theories in the latter half of the semester."
"I found the calculations pretty hard at first (I am not good at calculating things, I'd never even used the 'log' button on my calculator before I took this course), but with practice it turned out to be pretty straightforward calculations.The MCQs were pretty fucking hard. I had no idea what most of the choices were, even though we were allowed 2 sides of cheat sheets. They were mostly about niche terms and stuff. I am not a business, finance or accounting student."
Not too bad for a course. Content is interesting. Lecturer is responsible and nice. But need the textbook for exam. Strict attendance requirement as usual from Dept of Management but should not be a problem if you have no plan to skip class. Heavy group assignment and need reliable teammates.
"Pros: no textbook, no mid-term, no exam. Class is interesting. Lecturer is approachable and friendly with good english. Cons: Very strict attendance, heavy group project, rely too much on quality of team members, guideline too broad for group topic, not much instruction on individual assignment. Heavy workload because too much time spent on group meeting. Recommend to seek Toni as early as possible when got stuck in fixing the topic. She is very helpful and generous with her time but must need to make appointment."
Toni is a responsible and knowledgeable lecturer. The course is not that difficult if you are not overloaded (I have 21 credits and not enough time for exam revision). Class exercises are interesting but need to prepare before class. Attendance requirement is strict. Exam questions are reasonable but need to revise textbook.
Instructor is ok but there is not enough guidance in the assignment. Reduction of 5% even submit assignment 1 min late in the system. The english requirement is too strict in this class. The class is more like a student exchange club.
The classes are not very difficult but exam is really difficult. Powerpoint is uesless for exam revision. There is no textbook available in the library so students are forced to buy a textbook. Instructor spent too much time telling stories.
"I spent so much effort but the grade was totally out of my expectation.The two quizzes were so easy, just make sure you go through the notes and you'll get good results. I was unfortunate to be in a group with a few exchange students and the pj didnt go well but still managed to get an A.But I just dont get it why B- is my final grade. Probably because of the peer evaluation form, lesson learnt: get your groupmates carefully!Last warning: DON""T TAKE THIS COURSE"
"Very strict attendance. She will check attendance again after break and collecting classwork at the end of each class. So signing the attendance sheet at the beginning of the class is totally useless. Must attend at least 80% of the class time. Serious reduction of grades at the end if you could not fulfill the attendance requirement, terrible class!"
"As an exchange student I found the learning environment very relaxing. Lecturer demonstrated high level of sensitivity to cultural diversity. Not able to understand the local language, I felt a bit alienated in most classes (which I did expect to be during exchange). However, I strongly felt my differences and background are very welcomed well accepted by the lecturer and the class. The leadership skill in tolerating unique and varying views of people is a surprising bonus for a Year 2 GE course. As for the content, it needs creativity and time spent on researching a social need in Hong Kong. It is time consuming but quite interesting."
This course is surprisingly much more interesting than I originally think of. I am a senior student with much more boring ethics courses before. Toni's classes are very interesting and enjoyable. Need to prepare for ethic dilemma cases every week but there is no individual assignments. I don't think Toni's powerpoints are useless but they are not enough for exam revision. The exam is not difficult as long as you attend all the classes and do the classworks seriously.
The course is interesting. Lecturer is responsible but the concepts are very difficult for me with no background knowledge of social psychology. Heavy workload not in assignments but in exam revision. I had 6 courses and not able to cover half of the readings for the exam. I am lucky with responsible teammates. Group report have very heavy weighting. Toni is very helpful in answering questions about the assignment. The tip is to make an appointment and don't ask during the break if you need detailed answer.
"This is a surprisingly interesting course. Lecturer is very friendly and helpful. There is no examination. I put the workload heavy as the group project requires innovative solution to a social problem in Hong Kong. That takes a lot of research work even for a local student. The majority of the class is exchange students and thus, I feel pressure in presentation. We also spend many hours in our group discussion after class. But I am able to learn new concepts and ideas that are very different from my major (I am an engineer student). Not too bad for a GE course. Toni is a very nice instructor."
"Reasonable workload with friendly lecturer. This is a small class with exchange and senior students. Lecturer likes to share her personal stories, which are interesting. Powerpoint is useless for exam. Must read the textbook in great details."
Reduction of grades because of missing attendance even I work very hard on the assignment! Would not recommend to anybody who needs flexible learning.
This is a social psychology course. Too may difficult terms and concepts. not for year 1 students. Lots of exchange students in this class. Need excellent english to get A.
"The learning experience is unbelievably enjoyable in this course. The instructor is funny, knowledgeable, and willing to help students. Toni brings enthusiasm and experience to every lecture. Toni is very approachable and understanding so feel free to approach her if you encounter any difficulties in the group project. It is a joy to take this course under her instruction!"
Instructor is very helpful and friendly. The group discussions allow us to apply concepts. Instructor also gives weekly group reports. The workload is ok with no individual assignment (only group assignments). Must attend class to get participation and attendance marks. Exam is a bit demanding but reasonable. Need to read textbook in details to get A.
Bad teacher.
"Marco Yan is very subjective. The whole experience was terrible: extremely stressful.For anyone who loves writing, it's going to be a disheartening experience. Yes, he did ask students to offer positive responses, but negative comments prevail in the discussion."
"Assignment:Readings for every lesson 3 Writings ( Restaurant review, Narrative Writing, Final essay)Group Website makingThe teacher is very nice and kind. But most of the assignments are difficult and hard to know the way of getting good results. Also, many language students took this class and make it hard to have better results."
"Workload:2 Tests 1 Reading assignment1 Group PresentationMost of the lectures are fun and interactive. You can learn interesting Japanese cultures like tea, flowers and kimono. However, the male guest lecturer Dr Wang, did not prepare well and taught many confusing concept. But generally, its a great course for ppl that are keen on learning some Japanese customs!"
"Workload:Food Diary Reflection (~1000word)Mid Term TestFinal Food Project (Can be any form)Comment:A bit boring cause the professor just use pale white ppt for all lectures and the lecture content is a bit unorganized. Luckily, the assignments are not hard and the test is in open boom form."
"I know a lot of my classmates have never liked him at all. But hey, just because he may not be a right teacher for you, it doesn't mean he cannot be a right teacher (at least for someone else.) Liking him or not is a personal choice, but I want to say something to anyone who is considering to take this course in the future. Don't let the comments full of attacks below guide you, know what you want first. In case he will happen to be the creative writing teacher here again, dealing with him can be tough. Especially if you are only aiming to clean your credits, this course will NEVER be one of those you are looking for. The workload honestly could be the heaviest you would ever be put on. Also you would be encouraged to aim for perfection. Last but not least, you would have to get used to giving comments to others and be commented by others on your work. IN PERSON. Don't say I didn't remind you, if you are not comfortable of giving and being given comments, you will really have to reconsider whether you want to take this course or not. Not just Marco's, but any other creative writing workshops led by someone else. Good luck to anyone who has the passion for creative writing.Final pro tip: if Marco doesn't like your work and give you a bad grade, forget them. Please know that Marco is only one of your many readers."
"Tutor:- Quite nice in normal conversation- Rigid and not generous when it comes to grading and Q&A- Clumsy in verbal explanation, you have to pay attention during the whole lesson(i fell asleep when she started talking about a slide, when I woke up, she was still explaining the concept of that slide lol)Lecture:- Forming a group of 8 ppl before the lesson in week 3- Inflexible number of groupmate(must be 8, no room for negociation)- Group worksheet nearly in each week- Attendance taken in each lesson(Raine would come to your group and count the number of ""heads"")- Lecture notes: with spaces / boxes that you need to fill-in during lectureAnd the points that already stated on notes are very theoretical,Raine provides example and further elaboration during lecture.Therefore, Raine's verbal explanation is important. You must pay attentionin the 2/3-hour lecture)"
"The class is interactive and the readings are interesting.The comments from the tutor were helpful, my story improved a lot in the final draft."
"I put a lot of effort and i expected A range but got B+ only. A bit disappointed with the grade. The tutor is a Ph.D student and she is very friendly, but she often missed our email. She is from TW but allowed us to present with cantonese. I like the tutorial topic(which is about ), however, she didn't teach too much in the tutorials and we just listened to students' presentation since the second lesson. Hence, less knowledge could be gained from the tutorials."
"Yuki Lam is very nice and kind, but NOT a good instructor.Even though I attended all the lessons and paid much attention, I could barely know what the task requirements were because Yuki did not give clear instructions (I don't think she knows how to give clear instructions). You may know what to do only if you study the course handbook HUNDRED times. Apart from that her lessons were boring.Anyway, she is still a teacher giving you quite some constructive advice when you send her your draft essay."
summer semnice teacher but heavy workload
-12 individual journals (500 words each)-no more quiz nor exam-3 group projects-every lesson heavy assignments -Highly not recommended-many readings
Not that hard..Ace student
a quiz + a group project + in-class worksheet
"I am not very good at Chinese,yet Mr. Tsang wholehearted teaching inspired me to think a lot about the projectHe gave us topics, and we could choose to do the given one or other topics we could think ofYou can consult him for more than one time:)He always shared funny jokes and stories to make the lesson interestingRmb to attend the first tutorial lesson"
"Fairly speaking, the grading of this ge course is better than my expectation ( because of the previous comments).To get a fair good grade of this course, I recommend you to do the following:"
"Funny course, Andy is very nice. Heavy workload but good grade. Suitable for hardworking students. grade. , 2 5grade!Weekly work:- 10 mins Quiz every lesson, allowed to take one page notes. [15%]- Weekly post on canvas --> share article [5%]- Each lesson, 3 students with the highest ""likes"" of weekly articles on canvas, can share, add bonus 0.5 marks. [bonus]- Weekly Projects update, each student has to write one A4 page of paragraph about your project. [5%]- Brainstorm and present the brainstorm idea of your group. (The best group can add 1 bonus mark) [10%]"
"I always get As in all literature and ENglish writing classes. I worked hard during the course and I get C+.This tutor, Marco Yan, is extremely mean and harsh. It seems that he likes teaching in the beginning, but soon I found out that I was wrong, because he kept on critising his students' works. Although the course stresses 'creativity', it does not mean that you feel free to create your story."
"Marco Yan teaches very badly, he doesnt seem to like teaching very much. He is not helpful at all. Just another GE instructor who teaches to make a living."
"Assignments: 40% (4 assignments, 10% each)Tutorial: 20% (except the first and last lecture without tutorials)Final exam: 40%Prof Lee is very nice and friendly. She answers students' questions patiently. Overall speaking, the course mainly focus on phonetics and using IPA chart to analyze the sounds of different languages. The course is very technical and not very difficult."
"Workload is heavy, as you have to do a 5 minutes film.It really depends on you and your groupmate familiarity to apps for film score and editing.Other than that, two quizzes re almost straight forward and not difficult, can even skip a lesson or twoFilm paper is not a hard thing to do.Sumie makes the lesson interesting, showing film clips, discussion etc."
"This class is more like an exchange students club with only around 1/3 of students are local students. There is no textbook and no examination for this course. Assignments are given well ahead of time and thus, it is much easier to arrange travel plans in advance. There is minimum attendance requirement of this course. The only downside is the relatively heavy weighting of group project, which relies heavily on the quality of team members. We are unfortunately to have an free-rider that pull down the group grade substantially. Toni is a very friendly and understanding lecturer. Just don't try to fool her with attendance record. She has very good memory of names."
"Readings and assignments would kill you. Please don't. You will regret. Honestly, I swear I have paid great effort in this course but this grade is sheerly disappointing. The judging criteria is way too vague. If you think you may not be creative enough to please the tutor, then never register this course, no matter how brilliant your English is."
"As a business student, I think this course is not hard, especially to those who have taken Financial Management. The workload is not high, only a project, an investment report and an assignment about mortgage. The exam is not difficult, the math part is very straight-forward, and the MC mainly tests your memory. The teacher is very nice and always willing to help."
"Sarah Sin loves her classes, enjoys teaching and encourages discussion. When students had very different ideas on a topic, she ensured everone could express ideas in a respectful environment. As University English is a course that offers students a foundation on writing academic essays, her attitude, receptiveness and critifcal approaches give students from diverse academic backgrounds a common ground to exchange knowledge and experiences.Her feedback to our essays is truly valuable. It is not just a grade, it is a useful hindsights about how we can do even better."
"I have economic background but still find this course not easy to handle. I did quite bad in lesson assignments (they are quite hard, dont know if it's because I didn't pick up the DSE syllabus for years) The course has new things other than DSE materialsI did revise hard for the 2 exams, especially the final exam (i almost lost half of the mark because of the long questions). Need to review hard, very very very hard and I mean it."
"Devoted much efforts, time in the group project Quiz also had a hard time to revise (the day before) but i jot notes during lesson In overall, though this is a good grade GE you must contribute much efforts, otherwise the results will not be very good.And the competition is keen for registration of this GEFor your reference: Quiz 1: 87/100 (mean 72-73) Quiz 2: 84/100 (mean 76, i know the highest is 100) Group project: 27/30 (my group as the highest one, mean is 22.5) Twitter assignment: 7 times 3/3, 1 time 2.9/3 Attendance rate: 88/100 Bonus mark: didn't answer any questions during the lesson, but filling in survey for 1 mark (basically all ppl got this)"
Not that bad as expected. Have in class ex every lesson & samples for writing. A bit demanding in the Gp PJ though.
"What a ridiculous grading scale. 84.5% = B.Having a high ranking on QS doesn't mean you have to have a pretentiously high grading standard, or maybe that's how you get into QS top 100? I don't know."
"Hannah Brant teaches very well, offering clear instructions on what we should do. For many beginners in academic writings, she leads her student to write with highest accuracy. Though many students may not be very articulate in English and she knows no Cantonese, she is able to untangle the communication knots by asking meaningful questions, suggesting new ways of writing and talking about an issue. Very little stress and absolutely inspiring. Where can we find a better teacher?"
"Sarah Sin enjoys teaching very much so we all have a very nice learning experience from her. She engages us into meaningful discussion, never dismissed our ideas simply because she thought about the same issue or literature work differently; she helped you develop your ideas, thought it through clearly and presented them in a convincing way. She truly knows her stuff, encourages critical thinking and creativity. At the end of the course she lets each of us present our own life story -- it was very touching because she made everyone felt it was ok to present the true feelings and true experiences in life. Sarah Sin makes us love learning more and thinking wide."
"Marco Yan shows favouritism towards some students in particular. His teaching? Like he dare tell students that 'lamb' only means food, haha! He also says the angels in bible and goddesses in Greek Mythology are the same. Wow! Okay, take his class if you like. Most my classmates get C from him.The class can be extremely stressful. He encourages students to criticise each other negatively. C'mon your first language isn't English, you try to write a long story but you don't know how to write it well, you are told that you are strange you write badly you create confusion you are incapable, and then Marco Yan claps his hands, taps his feet, shows his excitement of seeing you being criticised. You won't be that miserable if you are his favourite though."
"Everyone told me that this course is great, the instructors know their stuff, teach well, so much to learn from.But then when it's my turn to experience this wonderful course, the instructor becomes a very different person. My friends had Professor Cavendish-Jones or Miss Katrina Marshall, I have terrible Airlie Heung."
Mrs Bautista performs her role as an instructor well but she may not be very inspiring.She doesn't teach Travel Writing anymore though.
Alice truly loves teaching. This semester she offers relatively better grades than in previous semesters. It's a great loss that she is going to leave CityU.I forgot to work on one of my assignment and submitted it late. She only let me pass for that homework - fair enough.
"Airlie Heung is a terrible teacher. I still love Shakespeare's literature very much but I feel regret for choosing her class. Poor spellings, inadequate knowledge about Shakespeare, she doesn't know about the sonnet in Romeo and Juliet which is so very basic... she says a line written in trochee is iamb. Gosh! I can't believe she is an instructor in uni. She imposed her ideas about Shakespeare's works on us, I disagree, she gave me a bad grade. But I always have very good grades in literature from other good professors. Can't believe it! Is it because she doesn't have a PhD?"
"If you love literature, you will love the class. Birgit Linder is very knowledgeable, she has translated many Chinese literature into English -- you will learn more than you expect.It is to CityU's great loss that she is going to leave us for another university."
This course is horrible and the marker was extremely harsh. The quiz's mean was C-. The majority of the class got a really bad grade and you might consider this course will be one of the worst course at cityu.
"A good professor or lecturer can be reasonably strict, but Airlie Heung is unreasonably restrictive. No creativity, no critical thinking, no sophistication. She asks so much from her students but does not seem to care so much about how she teaches and what she delivers.I feel very sorry for my classmates who score even lower than me -- it's not their problems, it's Airlie Heung, who looks down on her own students."
"Airlie Heung does not like teaching at all, not very articulate in English. I get an A- only because I write in the style that she likes. Some teachers help you write better by enhancing your style and expressing your ideas in a more sophisticated way. Airlie Heung? Her face tells you that she is not interested in your ideas, she simply hates teaching."
"Airlie Maria Heung does not respect student's ideas on literature. Airlie Heung does not like teaching, Airlie does not read your work with any patience. Airlie Heung is not as encouraging as other professors. I have had a very bad learning experience with Airlie Heung. I feel regret for choosing her class.Airlie thinks the grade is everything. When students tell her that she may improve the quality of her feedback or teaching she thinks that it is only because of the grades. Her attitude is disappointing"
"Airlie Heung does not like teaching.Airlie Heung has poor knowledge on writing and literature but she teaches about Shakespeare and literature. She replaces the renowned good teacher Colin and Katrina. Airlie Heung discourages creativity and critical thinking. She does not discuss with students, she simply gives you a bad grade if she disagrees.Airlie Heung offers the useless comments because she does not have a solid foundation.Airlie Heung only offers bad grades.Airlie Heung studied at a secondary school in Tai Po and BU in Hong Kong. She got her master degree from Waterloo U in Canada. Airlie's teaching is old-fashioned, one-way with little interaction. Her conservative attitude towards critical thinking causes problems in classrooms."
"This course mainly have 4 things to do:1. In-class assignment/discussion (20%)For most of the lessons, there are a worksheet for you and your groupmates to complete. The tutor also use it as a tool to take attendance. The tutor also required everyone to have at least 70% attendance (i.e. do not skip more than 3 - 4 lessons)2. Individual Paper (20%)Basically ask you to find a speech or article that are trying to persuade others. then, making use of the theory and concept taught in lectures and write up an essay, taking about how good that article/speech is. Very easy though."
"Airlie Heung does not like teaching. It is not surprising at all that she is unable to teach well. Her English, attitude and knowledge are not good enough to enhance your level.Never choose Airlie Heung if you would like to have a positive learning experience."
"In the very first class, Airlie shows that she does not understand the basic concept of Said's orientalism.,Airlie: ."
"Airlie is a bad teacher. She has poor background knowledge that she often seems to forget about the content of the lectures. For this reason, she is incapable of leading any meaningful discussion. She teaches very poor writing skills -- she forces everyone to write in a very unsophisticated style. Unlike most other professors and instructors in university, she discourages students from having critical thinking and independent thoughts. As long as your interpretation or understanding about an issue is different, for her, it is wrong. She also commits quite many spelling errors and grammatical mistakes in writing.She does not write very well. But in this course of University English, you are supposed to learn how to write essays well. She will harm your academic growth."
"One group project and an open book examination.The project requires the completion of a mobile application, a report is required. The workload is quite heavy because you need to start from scratch.The examination is easy, basically just copying things from notes. It is open book exam so as long as you print your notes its fine.Got in class exercises and that is difficult. You gain bonus points from that every week but the tasks are usually much difficult than the lesson content.Good for you to acquire new skills and train your thinking, but if you do not want to pay effort then do not take this course."
"I am not a BBA major and thus, I found this course quite challenging, especially there are a number of management theories involved. My team members claimed a majority of the theories are taught in their year 1 management study and thus, this course is easy in their eyes. (Two of my BBA groupmates received A) For an ethics course, it is a nice surprise because the classes are quite interesting. Toni is a very responsible and knowledgeable lecturer. Early revision is a must if you are not a BBA major. She has very good memory and thus, don't try to fool her around with the attendance, or sign for others. You will receive an official warning. (also apply to illegal copy of textbook). Toni is a very kind and understanding lecturer unless you try to break any rule foolishly."
Mable's instructions are clear and easy to be followed and she is a nice teacher.
Cannot use mobile phone or laptop.His lessons are funny and casual.But the content of EAP is boring.
"Workload:Small technique practice2 online open book testFilm music critic, presentationFinal music projectLectures were boring and teachers' English were a bit unclear. However, the course tasks were fun. Tests were not that hard but need efforts to find online as some are mentioned during lectures only. The critic is like a 1000word and the presentation count for only 5%. Final project requires making background music and SFX using sources were given and websites. I have little to no music background and do not compose any music for the final project, but still got a good grade. So, Robert does not emphasize on composing your own music and more on the creativity of the arrangement of music."
"Workload:Group presentation2000 word essay1000 word reflectionSome lessons were a bit boring. Tutor values participation and eager to help you on your assignment. But the guidance on the essay is a bit vague. Last, he takes attendance every lesson."
"Homework:InfographicShort essayReflection essayCindy was a bit annoying. She liked to check every part of our drafts and presentation. Also, she likes to talk a lot about basic writing skills and her personal experience. However, she was eager to give comments about your writing and help you to get a good grade. I got a B+ simply because I was late for handing my last assignment"
Don't trust the good comment about this tutor. My classmates and me got similar marks for tasks but resulted in very low grade instead.Don't trust her!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ):
"She always smiles and well-prepared for the lesson. Passionate in teaching and very nice. At first, I enjoyed her lessons. She always accomplishes our writings as well.However, we were very shocked after the grade has released. We paid lots of effort and surely the grade should not be like this. Classmates from other classes, generally, higher grade than us."
"HO is a very nice tutor who will answer your questions seriously. However,this course is really hard for students,especially not from BBA program.In-class quizes,presentations and the final exam are all with great difficulty.(complex calculations and wide knowledge field)All in all, a useful and good course but be careful to reg."
hard to get high grade because people who take this course are usually good at maths.
She is very strict with grades. VERY. She seldom available for consulting. She gets annoyed when students asked her how she graded their assignment. I don't think she likes teaching AT ALL.Don't register her if you want to get a good grade.
"This course is about studying STARchitects' work which taught by the architecture major leader. The course only requires a case study of a designated architect, a mid-term quiz and a group project on evaluating several architects to be awarded the ""Pritzker Laureates Award"". The whole course is open-ended even the quiz, so don't worry if you have no architectural experience. The tutor will assign groups for all students which include architecture students to be fair. Interesting course and the grades are good."
"iLearn Online Questions and quizzes are pretty easy. The tutor is nice and seems to give good grading on assignments. The workload is not heavy, only an individual report (include a short video) & a group project. The final grade is a bit disappointing as my quizzes and individual assignment scores are above average. Guess our Phase 2 group project wasn't done well... But overall the course is fine, light workload & fair grades. Recommended if you are not looking for an enlighting GE course but fair result."
"Nice teacher, not much in class assignments, mainly group discussion. I don't have a perfect attendance, I skipped 2 lessons, I guess that's why my grade is low.But he is not a generous marker, everyone got a low score for the infographics and essays.In general, he is a nice teacher but a harsh marker."
Written assignment is difficult. But turn out grade is quite good.John is nice!
Generally well-prepared tutor. Clear instruction and guidance.Assignment 1: Complaint Adjustment Email 16/20; Read the examples and try to use the phrases.
"The course is relatively easy to get a grade, like an A or A-. The quiz is also relatively not hard compare with other GE. My quiz score are 53/60 (quiz 1) and 26.67/30 (quiz2) for reference. If you want to have a GE with light workload and secure an A range grade, this course might be a good choice."
Celina is a good tutor.This course is not a difficult course for moviegoers but quite a challenge for university beginners. As long as you revise and pay effort onto the assignments this course will pay you back and you can learn a lot about movies.
"Let me start off by saying that my final grade is not reflective/conclusive of how easy it is to attain A range in this course. I'm a final year student so I applied this course just to fulfill my credit units, I had way too much workload for my core courses (meaning that I didn't really care about this course, I just revised last minute and did my part in the group works). With these being clarified, I'll tell you more about the course below.1. One group presentation, one group report (2000ish words group essay), one examination (closed book; MCs + Qs). Workload is light even in the eyes of a deadline fighter."
"Anna is really a nice person who will give you clear instruction. You only have to ask. She listens when you present and this makes me feel good.It is sure that you need to find good project mates and start early that can make you free at the end of the sem. About the quiz, must study for the quiz 1 which counts more."
"Jeng, hea99, No workload"
Just tick attendance can get 30%. Quiz is very easy to get high mark(30%). Project is a bit difficult to think about the topic
"just finish an analytical essay( in group)about any crime and 1 test, and the course content is simple!!"
MeiYung is a good lecturer!
"- There're a few short readings every week related to different kinds of madness. Take this course if you're interested in reading literary texts related to madness, you will find the readings interesting.- There're too much information in the ppt where it's quite hard to recognize the keypoints. - You have to read the readings and recognize the keypoints in the ppt in order to get a good grade in the quizzes.- The creative project is interesting too.- The lecture is a bit boring."
"As an engineer student, this GE is a real challenge especially of the difficult and new psychology terms. The workload is heavy due to the time required to revise for the exam. The exam is not tricky but long. The assignment workload is ok, only one group assignment. Picking up responsible groupmates is very important for this class. There are classworks every week, more like a give-away and not difficult. As long as you write more, you will get more points. (Note: keep all the classwork sheets, especially those with notes taken when watching class videos). There are 2 questions in the exam taken out from the classworks. Good english is needed to score higher points in presentation. Lecturer is very friendly, knowledgeable and approachable. You will need the textbook for exam revision."
"Anna is a good tutor with clear instructions, she is also a nice and kind person. I did pretty well in both mid terms, reaching the 75 percentile or above, I expected a better grade to be honest.The final grade of the course is adjusted due to the overall performance of all the young psy courses in the semester, that's what made my grade lower, i guess...."
"Work load is really light,Have in class exercise,1 group project,1 group report, each members 1500 words,Easy to score a good grade!"
"Just need to do one of the assignments, and if it is good then don't need to do the others. One group project, mainly just make it pretty and have some sensible points. For examination, he will give tips on them and it's open book so it is not so hard too."
It is really a very interesting course.In-class quizes are very nice and easy.(Only a little bit calculations and some short-answer questions)
"This course requires students to attend every lecture to get high grades as the professor will randomly take attendence and will add bonus mark to those who attend the class actively and punctually.The logbook is quite demanding as you will have to type and prepare for the class every lessons. No one has ever known how the logbook is marked. If you do not do it regularly, you will suffer in the end of semester."
"The lecturer is a very nice guy for sure,relaxing workloads.Nice and chill field trip with friends.Certainly a very delightful choice within a semester,Yet I have skipped many classes,finished the assignments by the last minute.If i have worked a bit harder, A range is definitely in hand.Yet, B plus is somehow a satisfactory result since I didn't do much in it.#Lectures are quite dull tho. But I like the lecturer alot. Relaxing course!"
"I took this course because my tight schedule. I thought this course should be boring, however, it was funny and enjoyable. Dr Sun presented his lesson in a interesting way by implementing games and inviting guests for speech. I enjoyed such class interaction.The group project was done by 8 members. To be honest, the workload was relatively light, since many group mates shared it. The final exam was easy and I didn't take much time on it."
"Daisy old woman always say , why, so noisy!"
"I spared no effort in all assessments, e.g. paper and presentation. Class participation was said to be 25% but it felt like over 50%. All my group mates got C/C- because, I guess, we did not speak up in lectures and tutorials. It sucks."
"He is quite a lazy tutor. When students did presentation, he was 'enjoying sleeping' rather than listening to our presentation. After presentation, no any useful comments would he give us.It seems that he did not really know the details of what assessments we need to complete for this courses. Also, when you tried to consult him about your essay, he would say everything is good and okay. No concrete guidelines would be given. What is quite good is that he would give you the subtopics. So that you don't need to discuss with your groupmates about how to divide a big theme into different subtopics for your presentation and essay."
This course stresses you out if you want to get a good grade. I spent hours working on the argumentative essay trying to make it perfect. The tutor is friendly and kind. She points out the mistakes so that you can submit a better piece of work. She also helps students and tries to make everyone participate in the class. Remember to always choose an 'academic topic' for the infographic because if you try thinking out of the box due to enthusiasm you might lose grades like me.
"It's a easy course which you can take if you like researching into professions. The lectures are a bit boring but the professor is very kind and friendly. He awards good grades. There are many group activities so it's best if you form a set of friends. For the mini conference, just present the answers for the questions in the group report. The professor himself was confused on what to do because there was 3 ways of doing the mini conference , 1st one mentioned in the course outline, 2nd in the first lecture notes and 3rd the discussion we had in class. But I guess the group which followed the group report style got the best grade."
"2 quizzes and 1 group projectDennis is a good teacher with special accent when Vivien is an excellent teacher who has just come back from the US. She emphasizes much on interaction with students and you always feel relaxed with Vivien.(1) Quiz 1: It is very important and if you study well, you almost can get A range. The one with highest score is 55/60 and I get 47/60. I can still A grade finally. 60MCs(2) Quiz 2: There will be no result release for Quiz 2. 10 MCs and 1 LQ. LQ is about using the concepts on the lecture notes to solve a practical problem in daily life. (3) Group project: Use the concepts taught in lectures to explain how a certain occupation works. You have to prepare the pj with a booklet, a powerpoint and poster. Be careful of eye contact and Vivien focuses on it.I think if you make sure your projectmates are not freeriders, A range is a must and you diligence does help too. I highly recommend this course."
"Tutor is easy on grades but also depending on project ideas and execution. 1 group presentation, 1 group report, 2 guest lecture reflection essay and participation. Overall, worth a try!"
"1 presentation (40%), 2 essays (50%) (2000 words relating to own popular culture + 1000 words reflection) and participation (10%). Tutor is friendly, willing to help. Remember to participate more in class. :)"
"If you want to get A range by working hard,this course may not satisfy youBut if you love Chinese architecture,go for it.Mr. Li explained well during class.Coursework1 Quiz (10MC)1 Two-page assignment1 Case study on temple1 Presentation"
"Hello, students,I am Dr HY Sun. Feedback to some comments."
"It's a joint course by 3 departments, interesting topics.Michael Lam is interesting and he showed us some gory images - but his accent is kinda bad and one lesson he referred to the skin on fingertips as foreskin. lmaoFirst there was an exercise involving dusting fingerprints and then sticking them on paper, but you're only given like 1.5 hours for the whole thing so its really hard to get a super high grade."
"To be frank, Dr Daoud is a nice, enthusiastic, and quite professional professor. But then, the grade is indeed relative unsatisfactory. Yet, I have to declare that one of my assignments was handed-in late, which was denied acceptance by Dr Daoud, which is a major reason for my relatively low grade.Back to the course, the lectures were really boring and involved with LOTS OF MATHS!!!!!! There is always a question to ask you calculate the energy amount of the power plant, etc, e.g. how much kwh for a coal power plant, etc. But Dr Daoud is really helpful and willing to ans you with questions raised on the assignment."
"It is out of every possible expectation that I got a B in this course. With regards to the comments left by those who have studied this course before, it seems that this course awards students with generous grades. BUT IT IS NOT.The workload is tbf light. No class attendance, except tutorials, is needed. For tutorials, you basically only need to be there and sign ur name and done. For the lectures, they are not really helpful either, so you can basically skip the whole course and just attend the tests, presentation and lab visits, etc."
"Two quizzes 1st quiz with MCs 2nd quiz MC plus a long question A group project about choosing a profession to discuss the characteristics with psychology knowledge: need to present in a poster and a booklet form , showing in the presentation time (15mins)Maybe difficult for those who first encounter psychology"
The tutor is nice. The topic he chose is about chinese painting and it's a bit difficult for me.
"topics such as death are really interesting, but it is only being slightly discussed in classes. Hence, dont expect too much. Besides, this course has no guideline on essays, assignments, etc. seems the lecturer also has no idea about what is going on. think before you reg this course."
"workload: group presentation (1) + Final Examgroup presentation:free topic, 30min ppt present (whole group) + 1 written reportLecture === all in the dream ......nothing learnt actually......no attendance is marked***Only the last 2-3 presentation lesson will take attendance ***The experiment section and video experiment section are cancelled due to typhoon and festival. Thus, the workload is very very low!!!!!!!!The professor is extremely nice, give direct instruction and always smile. Not strict, RELAX RELAX and RELAX"
"Ken is a nice and interesting tutor. Attending his lesson is like watching a TED talk. He is also willing to answer questions and give useful feedback on my coursework. I am not a proactive learner and contribute a lot during the lessons, but he understands students have different personality and participate in different ways, and score fairly.Infographic: 20/25First revision: 18/20 Final draft: 24/25Reflective report: 18.5/20"
There are two quizzes and they are very important to your final gradebut the lectures are quite boring and it mainly cover food in the first 2/3 and only a little bit about fashion
I am in the English section. I have tried my best on the course work but got a B. Participation is all the matter. I never speak during the lecture so I think this is why the highest that I could get is a B.
"To be honest, this grade is lower than i expect.Although my english is not good, i do not expect the grade is c+. Maybe i do a bad job in bad news and plan...Anyway, tiffany is a good teacher with patience and care. Very hardworking. Although i got a bad grade, still recommend her."
"This is a good course if you are interested in the differences in Asian business practices. If you choose this course with the mindset to learn something new, you will definitely get many insights into managerial practices in Asia. I would say it will be useful for future career development if you plan to work in Asia. I didn't mind taking an examination for this course because I really think I learnt some new things.Assignments:20% participation - important, you need to give answers (online or inclass for a minimum of 5 times and maximum of 7 times). don't be scared, the professor is nice and sometimes critical, but never condescending."
No comment
"Hai, hai, I did my best on the coursework but I believe a huge reason on why my grade was low is because of my class participation. Your in-class participation counts A WHOLE LOT even if you think you have done enough."
Those quizzes are easy (if you read all the lecture notes and readings)I got 14/20 and 16/20......You never know the grade of your group project and final essay (I did not ask about that)
Nice. This course has no exam
"This course is easy for business students, especially if you try to take it in year 3 or 4. The workload is far lighter than other courses but it is still quite time-consuming for group discussions. Pick your groupmates very very very carefully. Free-riders can cause GREAT GREAT trouble at the end as in our team. Do NOT even try to copy any ideas or even structure from previous students in your individual essay. (In fact, I do not think it is necessary at all). The school uses the Turnitin system that keeps all assignments in previous years. Both lecturers are very nice and responsible. Be careful, Toni has a horrific memory and can remember students' names in just few classes. Don't try to fool her for attendance and risk a formal warning at the end."
"I took this course because I am interested in films and some forms of art. Content of the course is distributed a bit strangely. Colour composition is repeated almost every week in the first half of the course - which is unnecessary. You will be bored during the lectures if you have understood the theory in the first two weeks, because Don really repeat it in most lectures. Also, the cultural aspect of the course only covers at most two lectures in the last few weeks, which I think is a bit misleading. Culture is an vital aspect of art and cinema that could be covered more comprehensively.Workload - it's okay, I didn't find the tasks particularly enjoyable or challenging. There is a short quiz, a few photography assignments, a 20 min presentation, and final quiz. Quizzes requires you to go back and remember the correct terminology, details of art work like artist, period of creation, where it was created, artistic technqiues etc. In addition, there is a trip to an art gallery."
Very light workload and really easy to achieve high grade.
"Need to attend every lecture for the in-class tests. Overall speaking, questions are not very difficult (you can find the answer from the lecture notes). The group project takes lots of efforts, from deciding an interesting topic, having consultations with the advisor, to developing a workable solution...Anyway, hard work pays off. It's a good grade subj."
"year 1,major English Studies,dse 5*pre-regtutor,GESumie,9.Sumienice,,,,notes,,midtermcanceldeadline"
"Kenneth is an incredibly nice, thoughtful and funny tutor, generous enough to give lengthy, useful feedbacks. To be honest, I thought I could only get a B+ at most, but it turns out way better than I had expected. I was not the brightest student in the class, I scored (way) below the highest for the first three assignments, so I worked hard on my reflective report and took my essay to elc ;)Hard work does pay off. If you are genuinely interested in the topics of your infographic and essay, hard work will not be that hard.I was relatively active but I fell asleep for half of a lesson once, so try to participate in class as much as you can, but need not be so worried about it.Infographic: 21/25First revision: 15/20 Final draft: 20.5/25Reflective report: 19/20"
"In-class assignments (Best 8 out of 11 assignments graded) 20%Group Project (Scenario-based) 30%Final Exam 50%Found in-class assignments somewhat difficult.Group project is interesting.Final exam was super hard, but the professor takes the difficulty into consideration."
"He is a very good tutor. You can ask him any questions and he will answer all of them. Each lesson, he will spend around 1.5-2 hr to teach his notes (~80 pages). Then he will give a 20 mins break and start the tutorial section( WS/Game/Project consultation).-Only 3-4 reflective essays(Assignment). -He will not take the attendance-A midterm(MC)-A project(Better find a group mate who is good at generating graphs and doing the analysis)-Project presentation and report(Max 7 pages)-Workload is not too heavy-A field trip report(Just hand in on time-->10/10)"
No examOnly two mid-terms + project
"This is a very interesting course of social psychology. Toni is a friendly and responsible lecturer. The workload is not heavy compared with other electives. There is no individual assignment but every class has short class exercises that counted as part of the grade. Missing a class can lost attendance, participation and classwork marks. Content is interesting but the social psychological terms can be difficult for year 1 student. The group project is not difficult but very time consuming. The exam is quite challenging and need to read the textbook for revision. The student powerpoint does not provide enough information for exam."
-2 open-bk test is easy-Project is more important which requires us to take 2 video & finish 1 written report.. better hv cm ppl in ur group. -So far it is a good course. You may consider itif u want to get a range with not much workload
Two open-book tests....just direct copy from lecture notes. Suggest finding CS+CM gpmate for the gp project. Most of the pp can get A range...
The two tests are not very difficult (MC + Essay Q). Pay more attention on the 3 assignments and Group Project and it will be fine :) Crystal is friendly & willing to reply any of your Q~
"One individual report, one online e-portfolio (copy everything from your cv to a webpage), and One group project. Easy for CB students, very recommend to take. Must attend all classes, no need to pay attention."
Content of this course was easy - two open-book quizzes - print out the slides and read them once or twice and you should get full marks (short answer questions). Each quiz is worth 15%Group project - have good teammates - need to make a video tackling a real life security/privacy issue as well as a group paper + presentation
"Very interesting class and unique assignments, including two photography tasks. If you are interested in the topics, the quizzes and test will not be a problem."
"This course is great for getting a good grade. Basically you just need to ask logical question, i once heard someone ask a silly question and still get a b for that.John Lin will have a additional week 14 class for specific questioning section, for those always miss classes. Sometimes, if you are sitting quite far away or you are a male, you will need to raise your hand for a bit longer until he ""notice"" you, first round chances are all ladies. LOL"
quite easy to get good grade in this course.3assignment 1group project and final exam.
"A good course to register if you like reading (and analysing) stories.The stories are interesting and related to different Asian cultures.The classes are not ""chur"" at all but you get to read stories, chat and watch some clips. Quite relaxing3 Quizzes (10% each): Marks - 8.5, 7.5 and 9.5Easy if you read the stories at least twice and mark down the interesting details. Would be even better if you analyse a bit beforehand"
"2 Quizes 1 Group report & presentationThis course is a torture for students who are not studying or interested in Engg. As you need to do loads of extra work to catch up all the lecture slides.As long as there was a group report, it would be a total disaster if none of your group-mates were from the ACE department, as you might not fully understand professor's expectation."
Quiz 1 84/100Quiz 2 100/100Assign 1 7.5/10Assign 2 7.5/10Assign 3 8.5/10Gp project 28/30 (best video)Bouns mark 3/3Hard works will pay off eventually.
"The workload is a bit heavy, the in-class ex. were the hardest. The content was a bit boring and difficult but somehow I still got B+"
"This course suits both BBA and non-BBA students as its syllabus covers basic knowledge about how to manage your personal finance only (as its name puts), like credit cards, insurance and buying a flat. In BBA courses, students are not required to learn these topics and that's why you don't have to be afraid of competing with them.Btw, I only spent a whole day on studying all course materials before the final and got this grade. If you are a deadline fighter, this is definitely the best course for you."
good course and good tutor BBA students should reg this
Flawless!!!
"As an engineering student who has no background in business & management subjects, The Process of studying for the final exam was really very very tiring.30% - participation, Classworks and attendance - Quite easy to get a full mark in that section! ( just attend all the classes, Do the basic classwork, read the very required case before the class in 15 mins)"
There is not much too day except the daily classwork and a group report. But the exam is quite difficult if you do not have a textbook. Toni is a very nice and responsible teacher.
"There're 3 assignments, 2 quizzes and 1 group project. Assignments are required to hand in two weeks later; quizzes one week later. Group project are required to conduct presentation and report hand-in in the last two to three weeks.For the individual assignments, I consulted the lecturer and teaching assistants (TA) every time ""IN PERSON"" for the comments on my answers for every coursework, while the marks are given by TA, except the group project to be given collectively with unanimity of the lecturer and TA. Overall mark of all individual works is 90%, each shared 10% equally to the total mark of the course. It counts for attendance which contributes 10% of the total mark."
"people who do not know programming shouldn't even think of taking this course. even though they say its specifically for non-programmers, it is full of people with a CS background. Too tough for people who don't know the basics of programming"
Participated in many in-class mini presentationQuiz was ok Paper was easy for social science studentsMUST take course!
A very excellent course! I love it!
"The main course tutor conducted the lectures for two hours only and the time left is for project consultation. He jotted down the group you are from and obviously everyone can tell consulting him contributes to your grade.His lectures are boring, yet he is an interesting tutor. You can sleep through his lectures and sometimes the lights are off while he played some video clips."
"She was a very nice teacher with a special accent. It's up to students' choices to sit at the back and even fall asleep during classes, but sometimes she would take the initiative and invite us to swap our seats with one another. That way, we all got the opportunity to speak to each of the classmates.Her guidance on the assignments was very clear. You only have to follow her instructions and consult her during classes, it is assured that you work is on the right track."
Bad course
I don't know what to say but this is just a horrible course for students. Absolutely sucks.
"This is an interesting GE course. The lecturer introduced some basic chemistry knowledge through describing the principle and mechanism of cosmetic products. No examination is needed, which is very good.Our performance is mainly assessed by- the quiz after each lecture (only 4-5 short questions, can be done in less than 5 mins),- 4 lab reports (on DIY cosmetic),- 1 group presentation.The most interesting part is the laboratory sessions, which allows you to prepare the cosmetic product by yourself. I have no chemistry background, but can still understand the main content. The content is also not boring. Most of my friends got grades above B."
"I have been extremely lucky to have Ken as my tutor!!!! He's SUPER COOL and super friendly, and super nice! So sad he's just a visiting fellow and no longer teachers this course :(First quiz: scene analysis of a short film + ppt"
"Good:- great stories!!!!! E.g. Brokeback Mountain, Interpreter of Maladies- workload is ok - if you enjoy reading and writing about what you read - it's no work at all :)Bad:- very hard to get good grades, cuz English department's standard is super high. 98-100 (if i remember correctly) is A+ -.-"
She a very nice teacher. relaxed learning atmosphere. detailed draft feedback.Descriptive essay 11/15Elevator pitch 4/5Personal statement 15/20Argumentative essay 19.5/25Presentation 8.5/10Infographic 8.5/10
"Jon is great, with a sense of humour.I'm a native speaker, but I got this grade...Probably because I didn't submit the elevator pitch and my presentation was done quite halfheartedly.I got 14/15 for the creative writing."
"Dont take this. It is literally the boringest thing you will ever take.Prof has a weird voice (?) it's like she's speaking with marshmallows in her mouth, and she seems to be super uninterested in the topic."
"Mable was pretty nice. Great sense of humour and very helpful.I never studied grammar so I had a hard time with the grammar bit, but the writing part was fine."
The outings I went to were mostly to factory buildings and those were terrifying. I felt like I was going to get murdered 90% of the time. The final presentation was ridiculous and I screwed up for that. I think I could have gotten a higher grade if there had been a little more guidance.
This course is NOT for year 1 students. There are many management / business concepts that she would not explained in details. (I later found out these concepts are covered in CB2300). The exam was too difficult for a level 2 GE course. Need to memorize lots of theories and cases. It should be a level 3 GE instead!!
"To study this course in summer is very chur. I do not regard this as an easy and relaxing course, especially in summer the length of course has shortened by half and it's like you're cramming those knowledge. And I seriously doubted that Dennis Ip this tutor never gave A+, regardless of how high u scored and how well u performed. This is ABSOLUTELY TRUE (and i wish u gd luck if u think u could overturn this in future).Friendly reminder: work hard in Quiz 1 is really really important, make sure u at least memorize before talking abt flexible application."
I love the teacher
"The workload of this course should be easy as long as you can find good, responsible teammates. We had a free-rider that really messed up our group project at very last minutes and pulling everybody's grades down. Both lectures were very nice, professional and responsible. Pay careful attention to the marking scheme (Toni's essay). It is not difficult to get an A as long as you follow the scheme. Her essay consists only 10% but can make a change in grade if you are unlucky to have a bad teammate. For both lecturers, just send them emails (polite but formal style) if you have any query. Both of them give quick reply."
"Toni is a very responsible and friendly lecturer. The coursework is light, but it is also true you need to pay more attention to the exam. The only demanding parts will be the ""referencing"" & ""illegal copy of textbooks"". She required students to quote the source even for pictures in powerpoints. She is a tough one on plagiarism but as long as you follow the rules, there should not be any problem. As usual, english proficiency can be the key of getting better grades in presentation."
"CHUR, VERY CHUR~ If you want to gain good grade, you should not choose this course. If you think your English is not very good, you should not take this course. The professor pay many attention to your grammar.In‐Class Participation : 20% Reading : 30% (Include a very harsh quiz)Group Project : 50%"
"Don't register HER courses!!!!!! Otherwise, you will regret for the whole semester!Our group get an A- for the overall project, but most of the team mates turn out B range.In class presentation weekly, very heavy workload, always criticise you.You will be very depressed after attending her course.FOR YOUR OWN SAKE, DONT REGISTER THIS COURSE! BELIEVE ME!"
"Workload :Participation x 20% (mostly in-class participation)Project x 40% Term Paper (1200-1500 words) x 40%In terms of the course, I think it is a great choice for summer semester as there is no exam or quiz. Hence, the workload is much lighter when compared with other GE courses. For the project, instead of thinking of a very creative topic by ourselves, we just need to choose a topic from the provided topic list. However, as we have to use those theories that the tutor taught in the lessons, it is crucial for us to attend every lesson. As long as you present your project topic in a creative and lively way, it is not hard to get A range. For the term topic, it includes three parts, namely description, psychological theories and reflection. It is very flexible that we can choose to write any topic we want."
"The courses itself is not so useful as the aspects covered is very limited and formalized. (Again, common in GE courses)Not much to do, a presentation and a paper, plus class participation.Present: Just adding drama and asking audience questions are not creative enough, every group do these.Paper: Apply knowledge in a concrete scenario, *sigh* but I think you better choose a scenario according to the skills and knowledge you learnt (instead of a scenario you feel deeply about but cannot apply the knowledge to).Class participation: Try as hard as you can."
"The lecturer is very helpful.If you understand the concepts taught in lectures, you can get high marks in quizzes. He can recognise who came to the lecture.The presentation need to be interesting or something very hard to understand. Good groupmates are also important."
"I can't believe my grade I will not recommend Louisa Our homework deadlines were even earlier than other session The point is you bring your work to her and ask for her advice she will say well this is pretty good, you only need to amend xxxxxand you do so the whole seek-for-advice cycle repeat at the end you get very bad gradei worked so hard i tried ELC, i tried to ask her for looking at my paper 2 times + for my each essay and the result was like that"
"Helena is a very helpful teacher, she asked for many notes-taking in class, she will answer your question very soon and clearly The course basically is NOT 'hea' at all, I guess the reason is Helena herself is a strict and serious teacher( tho she's nice actually), but the grading in total turned out to be goodMine grade was fine, I m ok with it I recommend you try it"
Dennis is a professional teacher.I like his smooth teaching flow and clear explanation.Many people will drop this course in week1.Waiting list for sure.
Very nice and supportive teacherrelaxed learning atmosphereinteractive classesjust try to pay attention in class and follow her instructions
"BBA students should choose Ho To Ming instead of Ho Wai Ho. Also, you should choose your teammates wisely. My first B-range or below GE courses lol."
"I enjoyed this class tremendously, partly because the lecturer was just a chill guy who knew how to treat his students like they were actually adults.He goes through different creative writing types like poetry and short writing slowly to make sure we don't just jump into something we don't know. He encourages class participation and no joke, after he read my poem.. He gave me a few short comments in person but like 5 hours later, he e-mailed me a long constructive feedback which was so useful and really touching because he actually appreciates our effort."
"Let's start with the obvious, shall we? This course is not one that allows you to have an A grade that easily. So if you want to boost your GPA, please do yourself a favor and run as fast as you can.On another note, this course is a good introductory course to social entrepreneurship and you do learn a lot if you take it seriously (but with the 3 hour lectures, you might lose motivation going into the 3rd/4th week :) )."
I took the course that was under Area 2 (SS 1012) because it seemed the least boring one. The course was alright. There were online discussions weekly which wasn't too difficult. Lecturer was alright as well but what I didn't like was whenever he cracked jokes or chit chat in Cantonese when there are obviously non-Chinese speakers around because it just makes us feel left out. What made it irritating was the fact that majority of his guest speakers spoke Cantonese and his videos were in Cantonese as well. It could've been stated on the course outline so I wouldn't have signed up for this class because I understand some students learn better in their mother tongue.
Lecturer sucks. Don't reg this subject and you will regret forever.
"Collin is quite picky on grammar, language and vocab variety. Content doesn't necessarily have to be accurate. Make sure you check you and also your group members' work for the final report."
poor grade
"Nice course, if you are strong with good health then take this course or maybe it will be too hard for you.. you will need to hike some rocky mountains in sai kung"
"I loved this course so much. Many memories! ^_^Every lesson I am just hea, since the teacher mostly just explains the PPT and shares his stories. Every lesson we have to do worksheet, but it is easy. He also post the PPT lectures on canvas.Individual essay - just make sure to pay attention in class and do research.Group report - be creative, have fun like you are planning your own trip.Presentation - very fast and straightforward, just like talking to your friend about your vacation.Overnight camp/hike - the best!! You will have fun :D"
"1 individual report + 1 group present + 2 tests- Easy test (No phy bkgd can handle)- Report around 800 words, so easy to do that- low workload, good grade"
"This subject is not a GE course at all.It takes a lot of biology concepts to understand the course material.Also, there are quizzes starting at 9 a.m. sharp which is completely unacceptable lor ho mo.I can't see my future there. Don't mess up your grade here! Stay Cool Man!"
Stupid course but easy to get good grades.
boring lessons that always end earlier than the official timenice teacher though
"Workload :Participation (In-class Q&A after each group's presentation)Presentation x 1Online discussion x 1Individual paper x 1Lisa was a very nice tutor who gave us a lot of support in deciding our presentation topics. She provided us with five big topics, which included several sub-topics for us to act as a reference. She preferred workable topics rather than extremely innovative topics. Even though students did the topics before, we could still choose them. Therefore, it was quick for us to set our topics. For every topic, she uploaded an e-book on canvas, so that everyone could decide their individual essay topics more easily. Also, we could consult her anytime we wanted and ask her to have a look at the individual paper once before handing in. Hence, we could make changes according to her suggestions, which made a huge difference to our grades."
"Sumie is a nice and helpful tutor, and most importantly, she gives marks reasonably. High marks to those deserved and low marks for those ""hea"" guys.Her comments for the assignments are really useful. Follow her advice and you can definitely get a better grade."
"2 group projects & presentations (30%) + 2 quizzes (40%)+ 2 assignments (30%)The 2 group projects and presentations are easy and each requires you to conduct 1 experiment related to mindset and language and also analyse the result. The experiments were a colour experiment and a bilingual experiment. If your ideas and analysis are unique and well presented, you can get a high mark in this part. My group got 9X marks for each project."
"2 tests+ 1 presentation+ 1 term paper.Marks would be added if you have active participation, e.g. giving comments and asking questions of other's presentation."
"You need the textbook for the exam. Workload is light, compared to other GE courses. We have small groups, only 4 people. Group case is simple. Need good verbal english for presentation part. Some theories are challenging but overall, exam is manageable."
"No exam, no midterm and no textbook is a plus. Cannot skip class for the first 3 weeks due to Toni's classworks. Classwork is counted as part of participation marks and must be completed in class. The most challenging part is the group work. It is very difficult to fix a time if your groupmates are from different major. Easy course compared with other Y1 core courses. Both tutors are nice and friendly."
"It is easy to get a good grade. 1. Almost every class have in-class test, with two short questions. The questions were often emphasized in class, so it is easy. 2. it has 3 monthly quiz. 3.group project, it is not quite difficult. and only leader is required to pre3"
"If you want to have a good grade in this course, please make sure you know what kind of ""criteria"" she is looking for in the presentation.BTW, mentioning what she taught in the lecture will be helpful (although she denied this point).Overall, I think she did pay effort but somehow the course was still boring. And personally I dont think the assessment is reasonable."
"Give thanks to have registered such a relaxing yet fun course. Instead of studying numbers & statistics, it's about how to audit (=check) plans in your daily life, say how to save money & maintain good relationship with sb. There were some ""theories"" to study but they were not that difficult. Annie explained the theories with daily life examples which were easy to understand. She was willing to help too.Workload:reflection sheet X2 (relaxing to write)presentation about ""A Dream of Red Mansions""2 mins video (topic is designed by gp)poster(<--can be the cover of booklet) & bookletopen book exam (most are case study, just apply the theories & explain)"
Toni is very friendly and easy going instructor. The workload is light in my opinion. The class case is only 1 page long and only takes 5 minutes to prepare before class. There is no individual assignment. Just one group report and presentation. The final exam is challenging but reasonable. I encountered much difficult ones in US.
"Sumie is a friendly tutor, she replies emails real quick and will answer any question you ask.The 2 quizzes are important as they count 30% to your final grade. Her quizzes are not difficult and straight forward. It is easy to get high marks if you have studied her powerpoint slides."
no need to attend lessonsfind good gpmates (key to capturing a range)memorize ppt slides because exam is straightforward
the grade is not satisfactory because i put loads of time on the project but it is not counted in the marks only the final exam is counted for the marksholy moly!!!!!
it is quite beneficial to those who haven't learnt and interested in accountingthe lesson is regularly scheduled and attendance is counted during the start of each lessonit is fine to find people to help you with the attendance during the breaki put nearly a month of time to study the exam but finally got a Ci have no idea why but the exam which accounts for 60% of marks is not very difficult in my viewsbtw paul is nice to answer you questions
he is a weird but nice personit is a very subjective course spoken by himselfyou never know the standard of the requirement of assignmentsthe mean of this course is b- he saidbut finally c+ i got no idea why/.\
this course is very idioticyou never know what the professor is doing in the lessonsshe can tell you the quiz is only mc options and finish in canvasbut eventually it is a paperwork without mc and you need to fill in all the blanksidk i can get even 1 mark in the quiz cuz it is all irrelevant to what she taught and materials in the ppt slidesit is a very non-sense course!
"In this course, there are three tutorial sections for students to visit tea room and learn some tea ceremony manners. During the lecture time, there is also demonstration of flower arrangement and kimono. Sometime the lectures might be slightly boring, depends on which lecturer, as there are three lecturers teaching the course. But generally it is still an interesting course.The workload is not very heavy, there are one individual assignment (writing a 300 words essay), one group project (presentation only) and two MC quizzes. The group project might need some effort in order to get a high mark. For the MC quizzes, I personally think they are not that difficult, as long as you have revised for the powerpoint notes, coursepack reading, and pay attention during lesson time, you will be able to get a good mark."
1 Project presentation + report1 Lab report1 Open book Final exam ( m.c + short question )Workload  grade
"The course carries low workload to students as it is only comprised of 2 short quizzes, 1 presentation and 1 individual report of which 800 words are required. In my opinion the quizzes impacts the final grade insignificantly. Only the final report and presentation matter much. Students with strong physics background are highly recommended to take this course as the course is mainly about the physical properties of light waves and optical fibre. All classes but the first class are skippable."
Beware if you are in the English-speaking section! Even though technically participation is supposed to be 25% in reality it is like 50%. Super unfair grading- feedback says student's work is 'great' but then gives out a bad grade with no explanation whatsoever. Terrible class and professor.
"good course,philosophic."
I think it is easy and project or text I already get full mark. But finally I get a C. I don't know why
"passionate in teaching, readings are difficult but the workload is no too much. 2 short essay, 1 term paper and 1 test and 1 drama performance"
"a >20-pages reading per week. Not few and a bit difficult to read, as the content are unfamiliar and quite a number of difficult words. I didn;t hand in 3 out of 5 assignments so I failed."
The professor is affable and course is managed methodically where you can learn something really practical. A little boring inevitably.Not hard but memorizing makes all the difference.
"Skipped all the lessons and prepared for the quiz 1-2 days before.There were 2 quizzes only (MC and long question respectively, which were very simple for those who studied Physics before) as well as the group presentation (~10mins) and report (no more than 2 pages).Professor is very nice and friendly. Highly recommend to take this course if you aims good grade!"
"there are two presentations throughout the semester,other groups' evaluation takes up 80%, Alex only contributes 20%. Attendance is not required.Results are unpredictable and sometimes not proportionate to the quality. Highly depends on other students."
"＝Film Review (30%) + Creative Writing (30%) + Group Project Video (30%) + Class Participation (10%)ENG LIT,d,,Journal."
"Overall speaking, the course is quite funny. It will not disappoint you if you are interested in how happiness is understood, how it can be promoted, and how it is related to our everyday lives.I do not agree with the previous comment that the transparency of the marking is low. You will know more if you do the consultation (like what he suggested during the lectures). Therefore, you can get a better grade too :)"
"NO individual assignments1 SIMPLE Quiz ONLY1 Group Project(Proposal, App development, Group Presentation and Group Report)p.s. This is easy too because of all the great members, but don't worried, it would be fine without freeriderAttendances are counted in Group Discussion sessionBasically, it taught about the theory of how to improve people's quality of life by using app (Maggie) and the method of developing app by App Inventor (Joe)Instructors are nice people (Trust Me!)GLHF"
Really a good course!
Beware if you are in the English-speaking section! Even though technically participation is supposed to be 25% in reality it is like 50%. Super unfair grading- feedback says student's work is 'great' but then gives out a bad grade with no explanation whatsoever. Terrible class and professor.
it's a good course to be studied in summer.
"Blow water tutor, you may just sit there and do your own work for 3 hrs.The grade is out of expectation!!!"
"If you are not very interested in philosophy, DON'T reg this course!!! Too bored...(Guest lecturer is better) And don't expect some deep discussions about life/death etc.Present: based on topics about wt he taught, not difficult"
"Exam's difficulty has elevated greatly this year, super difficult, no econ background dont apply u just cant handle those large curriculum, no A+ should be becuz project is not particularly good."
"Dr.Ning is a very good person, outline has been consulted for almost 5 weeks, work hard on project and quiz, need not to jot notes though as all in notes already, exam wish u good luck as this year not MC anymore (getting much more difficult)"
"My second GE in year 1 life.Attendance is important. Two projects, 60%+40%Guidelines were a bit vague, I have consulted Mr Wong directly to ask for clues.The first project got 5 days to do, I made one with 3700 words + lots of graphicsSecond one required at least 2000 words for two ppl, I did the whole project myself with around 4800 words.Definitely worth it if you are keen on history and heritage, though I am a business student."
The report could be a bit tricky. The quiz are not hard to handle.Professor Pun is friendly. The concepts mentioned in class should be easy for those who have studied physics before or currently studying engineering or physics related major. I am a student from Class and it is not too hard to handle.
course 1 prj 1 present 1 exam quite relax indeed.
"I cannot believe what I see, I got an A+ but i am not an expert in finance. Stephanie is so kind and nice."
"Only need to do two presentations and this course is very hea , can run most of the lessons (do not need to use the knowledge taught in class) , but the marks depends on classmates (around 80%) and 20% by Alex . Need to write comments and give marks to every groups , this comment sheets need to be serious because that 20% count on it ."
"In my opinion, students with no basic economics background are not recommended to take the course if you aim at getting a good grade.The course mainly focuses on the business part, and materials esp things we learnt is the latter weeks require you to digest it and understand the methods of calculating and drawing diagrams."
"I highly recommend this course for econ students. However, it is also not difficult for freshman in economics. I got level 4 in DSE economics and I could still handle the work."
"Sad...Many students who are good at English will choose this course. So, if your English is not very good, especially not very good at learning literature, don't reg this course."
"Very interesting course. you can make your own cosmetics products in the lab sessions like lipstick, handcream. workload is low as there is only one group presentation at the end of the course. however, there is a short quiz after every lesson. quiz is easy as i guess it is just for checking your attendance and attention to the lecture. the final grade is not reli good tho"
"The course covers the important knowledge of Wave and Particle, which is the fundamental curriculum of HKDSE Physics. It also covers some concepts about chemistry or computer science such as optical fiber. If you have taken Physics as the Elective in HKDSE, this course would be a piece of cake for u, vice versa.As for me, as I have taken Physics in HKDSE and I am currently an Engineering student. Even though I spent just a small amount of effort (e.g. skipped most of the lessons, prepared the two quizs just 1-2 days before) on this course, I still acquire a good grade."
only 3 simple multiple choice assignments and a group projectinteresting!
"The grading is quite funny. Be sure to partner up with someone who is studying BBA as he will have knowledge of Finance (Since Carleton is a CFA holder, he will expect lot of financial terms and knowledge). Include as much finance as you can in your reports and make your final presentation interesting but with financial reporting"
"Very boring course. Can't learn anything.To gain higher grade, the only way is flattering and following insturctions."
"An easy course, too easy to obtain A-range results.Group Project (~ Work individually)ReportQuiz (25+4MC)"
"Miss Lauw was very supportive and helpful!Choose her if you wanna improve your English.By the way, thank you for your ceaseless help, Miss Lauw!"
"This is a good GE from CS.LaLaLaVery easy to studyI go to school by food, thats all."
"Good grade GE course. The more effort you pay, the higher GPA you will have.btw, Tong Yu is a very adorable lecturer. She even gives us candies in Halloween. =]"
A relaxed course with nice teacher. Learn managing yr finance !
easy course in year 1
"This is an interesting course, especially if you like gothic, stories and creative stuffs.Lectures:Most lectures are interesting, and sometimes we spend half of the lecture watching movie. No attendance taking, but she may ask a few questions in class. Sometimes we use the poll app to answer questions and it's fun.Readings:Quite a lot of readings, sometimes a long essay(1x pages) sometimes short stories. In my opinion you can choose some of the paragraphs(eg. first and last) to read, but make sure you know what the stories are about and the major plots (by reading wiki/intro on websites etc).Quizzes(2):Short quizzes nearly all MC. If you listen in class and prepared the readings like I said, you can do well. Very straight forward.Grp project:Creative project, with any gothic theme. You can make a story booklet, make a video, performance whatever. Dr. Linder will let you form grps using the canvas function, better choose grpmates with similar interest.Essay:3 topics to choose from, reflecting on some theories or on your projects. Some sources are given to you for citing. Not very interesting task but easy to get good grade.Most important is that you are interested in the theme of this course, then everything will be fine :)"
Interesting course but it is hard to get good grades if you don't have good group mates. But many knowledge are useful
"1 Close Book Exam1 Final Presentationneeds to attend tutorialsteaches a lot in lecture, lots of ppt, needs to study before exambut also learned a lot"
Students without biology background should not take this courseEvery class's power point slide is like more than 100 pages and you would have thousands of medical/biological/engineering terms to remember. That is a bit harsh when you consider the fact that you are taking a GE course but not core.The quiz to me is more like a memorizing game than exhibiting what I have learnt.
"Dr. Lam is a very nice and interesting professor! He provided a wide range of topics for us to choose in our project, which was quite different from other professors.A lot to learn from him if you asked him suggestions for your group presentation and individual work.He also shared some of his views of Chinese history and culture in his tutorial. Never be bored in his lesson!I am sure he is not a killer if you showed your interest on the project."
"Workload is acceptable. Only one group project and a few in-class quizzes.The group project consists of an outline, a written report and an oral presentation. Not so demanding. As long as you are making sense in the project, it will be fine.The in-class quizzes were extremely easy coz they were open-notes.I chose this course coz someone told me that it is a good grade course and it actually does!However, it was quite boring for the lecture."
"Raymond is OK, Isabel is very very very very bad! Not recommend this course anyway."
"2 tests, 1 project, nice course for introduction to criminology."
"boring lessons and useless guidance on assignments, and he only gives B or B- for class works."
"Apparently the instructor is quite of a scholar with a certain ambition to bring upon something in class, however right from the first lecture he either prepared insufficiently (or due to very problematic presentation) and the effectiveness of the delivery is disastrous, in particular when this is the 4th semester he was in charge of the course. There is a certain value (as comments from below has suggested) to attend this course without a single doubt, but expect that you pretty much have to work on your own (or off-class at least if you are trying to learn extra from the lecturer) and attending the lectures would be of doubtful importance apart from the guest lecture and the question brainstorming session.(Actually I chose the course for 2015/16 Sem B but apparently the website did not offer such an option and so I just randomly select one of the provided)"
"If u want a bad grade, welcome to reg this :)"
Very easy and interesting courseLearnt a lot about cantonese
"I have absolutely no idea of how to get high marks from this course. You might think I'm being ironic, but the mark distribution is mostly in the black box. I've been surrounded by uncertainty until the final grade is displayed. Even though I know my grade now, there has been no ways (perhaps there was but I didn't look for it close enough) to know the marks completely. There even was adjustments done to the group project marks and the final grade.The great thing about this course, though, is the pretty light workload. The part that you would have to put most effort is most likely the group project, but the requirement is only 8 slides of PPT and a face-to-face 'presentation'. To those who are terrified of free riders, you can certainly cope with it all by yourselves.There are quizzes in every lesson, and Amy will surely pick out students in class to answer questions during the answer checking session. Make sure you prepare for the quiz with the assignment materials and attend every lesson. The preparation is easy, you should be able to get all of the answers through Google within 30min, but make sure you read more about the topics on the way since questions in the quiz are slightly different.As long as you are awake in the lessons, you should be able to deal with the final quiz, but DO NOT EXPECT A HIGH SCORE. You can try hard to revise the course materials, but you'll never know what details you should memorise, and you'll know how much you've actually missed in the final quiz.This is an interesting course anyway, so you may want to make conpromise between your interest, your workload and your grade."
Jasmine doesnt know how to teach at all and the marking scheme of hers...??
Jasmine is nuts and crazy
Anthea Cheung is a fantabulous teacher although she is not very good at English as she often made some tiny grammar mistakes when she spoke in the class. But she is amicable and affable.
"This is a great course that can not only help you to learn many things about the phycology but also discover more interesting thing about yourself by watching movies.Each topic of the course is divided into three parts--- concepts teaching, movie watching and group discussing. You will never feel busy if taking this course. However, I still suggest you read the PPT before the lecture, this can help you have a better understanding of those concepts. As for the quize, just make sure you are familiar with all the concepts that have been mentioned in the lecture."
"This class is like a big big joke.I have no idea how Amy give us the mark, cuz it seems that everyone failed the final exam, and most of the groups get similar project marks."
"Don is a good lecturer and Lisa is a nice tutor. Lessons are quite interesting. Assignments are not too difficult and clear guidelines are always provided. If you do not skip any lessons and put effort on working on the assignments, it is not too difficult to get A range. For this course, amount of effort you put directly determine what grade you get.So, I think if I study harder for the final quiz, I manage to get an A in this GE course."
"Really a good course, can learn a lot of stuffs, not only in the aspects of art but also much stuffs about movie and i can really say is like Literature.Simple work, some photographic taking which i finished like in 15 mins.....sorry to be a bit hea. Heaviest is just the group project, but given much guidelines so it will be quite easy. Can use some creativity, and given more details observations will be much more better.One thing, group member does not really matter, you can do it by yourself for the whole thing, the thing is the presentation!!!! Dont trust your teammates if their presentation skills are not really good. For there is 10 marks are given by your classmates, and a boring and not fluent really do not appreciate them so you will get a much lower mark. Park So Young is very nice so she always gives good marks as she mostly give marks more on the quality but not the presentation....There is a reflection and this is killing me. Should be easy but donno why i can get a not great mark.....maybe because i did not pay full attention to class?And for the quiz, easy easy and easy. Much more easier than I have expected. Many questions are like a gift for you.Just pay more attention in class then i do not think you need studies."
"Feel free to skip all the lessonsThe lecturer never take attendance and I don't think he recognised any of usField trips are the most boring part, unless you are really interested in those Green buildings in hong kongHe always change the deadlines of the assignments in last minuteSo if you are a very disciplined person I do not recommend you to take this course After all it is still a worthwhile course to register as there are not much work to do"
"One presentation per week (but you can in fact directly copy the resource from web).Exam contributes the most. As Georges did not stress much on the mcq, I was surprised by the 10 ""newly-added"" questions while doing exam. However, the essay saves.Georges is a very friendly tutor with a bit subjective judgement but it won't harm your grade."
Assessment:- Individual Term paper 1000-1200 words (50%)
"Assessment: 1 assignment, 1 presentation, 1 essayAssignment ,pptcheckgrade"
Only did one written assessment.Hea project.Easy exam.
The course is like a joke. Seems only project matters.
"very easy,good tutor"
I got A- in essay but b- at least..........
absolutely a killer.I may have skipped some lecture and tutorials (I forgot how many). But I worked hard in my presentation and final paper.I may have used some wiki materials as my primary sources (I did rephrased them) but I thought it's normal for any courses.
"Professor is nice. I do enjoy his lesson. he is willing to tell us our scores if we ask or we finish after 3or 4 weeks. My English is not too good so I am satisfied with this result. Anyway, Jon is highly recommended if you don't want to feel bored.My essay score:descriptive essay: 12/15Personal statement: 16.5/20Argumentative essay: 19.5/25P.S: I am not active in this course"
The course can definitely improve your writing skill.I got around 70-75% in each assignment and got grade B finally.Sarah is a good tutor as she will provide useful advice for your draft.
timothy is helpful but he follows the rules very much.not much workload
"Tips for those who aim for A range: if you prefer HKGolden to FB/Ig, BACK OFF.Both you and YOUR GROUPMATES have to be familiar with these social platforms.Just scroll down and take a look at those A+ comments: they have perfectly demonstrated the idea that grades are discriminative, regardless of how well you have performed in your group!"
"Seems easy, but need to put some significant effort for good grades. Interesting course actually"
"2 Quizzes, 1 Presentation, Poster+BookletDennis is an emotional tutor. If you don't like, please unregister it. He is sometimes nice and helpful but I don't like his special teaching style.This is the only GE course I got B range. Sad..."
"great and well-prepared tutor, interesting lessonsreply e-mails and gives detailed commentsvalue punctuality and learning attitude"
"Two individual reports within 2 A4 pages (about field trip and tasting section), discuss the scientific knowledge behind, mainly about Chem and a bit Bio. All information can be found through research. Both activities were quite entertaining.No Quiz.One presentation at the end of the semester, video-typed the making of one food and present the knowledge behind. My group's video is good, but struggled a bit during Q&A. The tutors did ask serious questions.Final exam contains 40MC and four short Q/essay. Both are extremely straightforward, if you study hard and remember all the notes, you will definitely get high scores.No attendance is marked. If you have Chem and Bio background, you could understand the notes even if you skip class.Overall speaking, it's a really relaxing GE course and could learn a lot about food science. Highly recommend~"
1. Finding raw data for further data research can be a problem.2. Finding a good rather than a rubbish teammate is important.
"2 quizes+ 2 individual assignments + 1 group presentationIf you attended the lectures you can answer the quizes easily, and actually you are allow to search on web for the answer while doing the quizes.For individual assignments, Robert upload everything we need on web, as long as you follow the sample work closely, you can actually get a good grade.The presentation is a simple, just discuss the music of a film your group choose will do.It is a quite interesting course, if you like music and movie, it shouldn't be anything hard for you."
"very easy, but not much knowledge can learnalways finish lecture earlier"
"The exam is more like final year major exam, too many concepts and theories for a GE course."
"Mr.Ho was an interesting tutor, who was gd at his teaching. Yet, the syllabus was way too difficult as a GE course. I personally scored a 5 in my DSE Econ. I do understand it is a university course; yet, the difficulty was beyond my imagination. I spent a very hard time to catch up with the syllabus and revising for the final close-book examination.For those who are not BBA students MUST be cautious about this course. The workload is quite heavy, especially concerning the semi-weekly in-class worksheets, which were very difficult. I always couldnt finish them, not to mention finishing them accurately,"
"It is overall a very interesting course, not only it talks about some of the taboos of HK, e.g. S&M, homosexuality, etc, but also inviting thought-provoking guests to share their personal experience or views on Hong Kong's sex issues.The workload is ordinary, including weekly journal, a group project [a poster and in-depth presentation of a HK sex issue], and ofc the end of semester open-book exam."
"Good teacher, answer students' questions carefully. In fact, he only express his opinions if there is dead air during the presentation, which I believe is a superior method and idea."
"Coursework is ok but workload in preparing the exam is very heavy,"
"Hea course Grades are given without any detailed marks.regret to reg this course, cannot learn anything"
"Birgit is very nice and grades are quite reasonable. The average score of group project is 28.3/30 this year. Even if you don't have any knowledge about gothic before this course, you can still get a good grade as long as you spend enough time on it."
"Lectures: Some of the lecture contents are highly important while some are just for gaining knowledge about cantonese. Cantonese Pinyin, Immediate Components Analysis are few important parts.Tutorial: Worksheet to be discussed were given before class. Quite a number of them are practice of exam (Jyut Ping & IC analysis) while some are just strengthening your Linguistics sense/skills or insights."
"I worked very hard on my group presentation and final paper. But ... disappointing grade.I skipped some lectures, a couple of tutorials though. Workload too heavy, needed to relax a bit. Not sure whether I finished the online discussion (1 or 2?)"
Zach is nice and funny. Workload is not very heavy. Quizzes are quite straightforward as long as you read and memorize main plot and characters. Essays need some work but not hard at all.
"20% class participation40% examination40% group project (making a newsletter)I would say it is a quite boring course; struggled to stay awake in every single lecture. But if you are interested in Asian culture, this course is a good choice for you. I've seen quite a number of exchange students there."
"This course requires a high standard of English. There are around two readings every week. The readings are quite difficult. If you are interested in vampires, demons, dark romanticism and enjoy reading books like Dracula, Frankenstein, you should choose this course. However, if you are not, you will get bored and some videos watched during class are chilling.Mark Distribution:2 Quizes (Total 40%): You must be familiar with the readings and the lecture powerpointsGroup Project (30%): it is important to find good group mates. Essay (30%)"
"michael lam is a funny professor, but others.... boringhea but interesting course5 assignments in total: fingerprint, CSI, alcohol content, forensic engineering and 2 computer forensics(which are done in tutorial)all of them can be finished within one hour.there's no need to attend the lecture but there are some tips for the assignments in tutorial classes."
looks quite young and knows what the students are thinking.provide clear instruction and many samples.very easy to get B range.
"very nice tutor, he lesson is fun and interseting, his class is relaxing, comfortable"
good tutorcan send draft to hernot easy to get A range in this course
"I would say the workload is okay to heavy. Mainly because there is something to do every single class and it is counted in final grade as well. So asking someone to take attendance for you is useless. Plus, attendance is taken, and is counted in final grade. Toni REALLYYYYY CARES A LOT ABOUT GRAMMAR- Each grammatical mistake -0.5 marks.....But she makes a lot of grammatical mistakes herself...... But she is open-minded and friendly. Both tutors are helpful and nice in general. This course is in general enjoyable because you get to do personality quizzes, make your own e-portfolio website etc. It's not very academic in some sense. You get to understand yourself a little bit more. It's not a difficult course but needs dedication."
"Not a bad course. Interesting enough for someone who is new to psychology (I haven't had any prior knowledge for this course other than general knowledge).The teacher can be emotionally volatile at times, but generally is a pretty decent person. Just don't piss him off."
"2 Quizzes (MC, MC+ Open Q) , 1 Booklet, 1 Presentation and 1 Poster.For quizzes: Must revise and be very familiar with the PPT slides to do well (cuz pull-curve)Booklet, presentation and poster: Don't really know what he wants..(presentation grade was not good) But I guess it was quite fun doing it. The workload for this part is quite heavy so better not have free-riders like my group) However, Dennis is helpful, quite nice and really cares about free-riders (Although he is quite emotional at times) A lot of students just do their own thing in class....no attendance..but attendance is taken during presentation weeks.Quite an interesting course in general"
"Pretty chill, easy course. However, you don't really learn too much from this course. The only thing I got out of it was a slightly more in-depth knowledge regarding my chosen profession. If you have already decided what career path you will take, this course will be mostly useless.With that said, pretty easy to get a good grade. Recommended if you want a chill time and decent grade."
Choose a topic that your peers and tutor can relate to. Be original.
"Lecture is boring obviously but luckily not very bad grade1 group project (video), 1 self reflective paper and 1 self reportSo far so good, nothing special"
"Not very harsh, 2 self reports (tofu & tasting report) and 1 group presentExam many MCs and few long questions Didn't perform very well on presentation but still have this resultBasic chem and bio knowledge are preferred"
Presentation is very important in this course (50%). So remember to chose good teammates. Teacher is very sensitive about free riders.Teacher is tolerate and final quiz is easy.
"He is a funny person, you will never feel bored attending a 3-hour lesson. He is also willing to answer our questions regarding the course assignments. He releases our marks few weeks after the assignments are handed in, so you can have an idea of how much marks you will get finally after summing it up. I do recommend him!Descriptive Essay: 12/15Personal Statement: 16/20Argumentative essay: 22/25"
"very easy,no need stat skills"
The workload for the course was not great at all but it was hard to get an A grade.
"After reviewing several comments , I doubted whether A range is achievable in this subject, especially for Allan's class. In my view, activeness is definitely one of the crucial elements getting an A in his classDescriptive Essay (12.5/15)Personal statement (Major allocation) (16/20)Elevator Pitch (4/5)Argumentative Essay (??/25)Inforgraphic (??/10)Presentation (??/10)Class participation (??/15)"
"After reviewing several comments , I doubt whether A range is achievable in this subject, especially for Allan's class. In my view, activeness is definitely one of the crucial elements getting an A in his classDescriptive Essay (12.5/15)Personal statement (Major allocation) (16/20)Elevator Pitch (4/5)Argumentative Essay (??/25)Inforgraphic (??/10)Presentation (??/10)Class participation (??/15)"
"Jessica is a dedicated teacher who taught with heart. She gave adequate directions and detailed comments on each assignment. However she wouldn't give comments on draft essays. The only consultation we had was on the outline of the arguementative essay, as for other assignments, you would only get consultations from your peers. Therefore it is crucial to have a clear understanding on the essays requirements. As long as you have followed her guidelines and fulfilled all requirements of the assignments, you'll be fine.Jessica organized activities and group discussions to make the lessons more engaging. There were 2 in class writing in total. The group presentations were useful for preparing assignments such as the elevator pitch and the 3 min talk since she provided us with tips and feedback after the group presentations."
she is a fuxking killer. dont reg it!!!!!!!!!
"Grades from Hannah are fair. The more effort you put, the higher marks you can gain. Comments from her on written assignments are quite useful that you can clearly know your weaknesses in English. You may send her drafts of assignments earlier and she will give you some brief suggestion for improvement. Tips and useful materials would also be provided in advance to help you work with your essays.For the class, Hannah makes it quite relaxing and free. Just like weekly chats with her and your classmates. She always encourages us to speak more and give her more verbal response no matter how many mistakes you make. Choose her if you want to immerse yourself in an English learning environment and make yourself be more confident of using English."
"though i think his class is quite funny than my pre-regged Ue.i had handed in all the homework on time and attended every classes.Even though my english is not good, i do not think i should get a c- at last.Allan is able to speak fluent english as he is a native speaker.However, i do not think he is a good teacher in teaching english, because when he was talking about writing argumentative essay and descriptive essay, he just showed us examples without explaining the requirements or the ways to write. Therefore, most of us did not have any ideas in these writing. if u want a funny and interesting class, then choose Allan. But if u really want to learn, he definitely is not your choice."
"Good ge course. Peter is a good and nice tutor, and willing to answer your questions. This course is based on economic issues. people with common sense would be fine. Project, important to have good gpmates. Peter will ask whether there are freeriders or not. HW x2, not difficult, peter will explain some of the questions, you may also email him. Exam, be careful, there are some traps. It is easy if you are clear with all the models he taught. Good grade. Good for those who have learnt macro economic before."
"Course Workload :2 in-class assignments (30%)1 project (30%)1 test (MC test) (40%)For the first in-class assignment, Samuel prepared a MC quiz with a total of 15 or 20 questions. Since Samuel told us that the assignment would be a MC closed-book quiz one week before the quiz date, it was extremely rush that we had to revise seven lecture notes within a week. However, the questions were very straight-forward. For the second in-class assignment, Stani prepared an essay question. Instead of writing a whole essay, you only need to write down the points. Stani also allowed us to find information from the Internet and discuss with other students."
It is not hard to achieve A range. I got a B+ because I had a terrible performance in the group presentation.
"Actually, it is not related to the Dept. of Accounting (The content).So, how to attain A-range?1.attain 80marks(me 87/100) or above in 1 of the 3 assignments2.well-prepare for your group project3.well-prepare for your final exam"
"Jessica is a good teacher, she is nice.the first two assignments were marked quite strict, only got around 70%.but then after consultation and asking for comment, she did give useful tips and helped me improve a lot.all in all, the class was relaxing.Try to gain marks in participation, it really helps much. if i could be much more active in class, i believe I should have got A."
Easy to attain high mark when you endeavoryou will get the motivation from the professorEffort = mark gained but knowledge is not applicable to daily life just for talking and as an interest.
"The instructor suggested that students have an introductory psychology textbook handy throughout this course, eg Exploring Psychology by David Myers."
just two quiz and two assignment. both are easy and normally 100%.
"Dr Xin is very nice. He teaches clearly and the teaching pace is slow.Marks distribution:15% ilearn: There are 10 online MC questions after each lecture. You can do it at home so attending lecture is not compulsory. The answers of the MCs can be found in lecture notes or online5% participation: Dr Xin does not take attendance so it is not clear how the marks are given30% Group Project: 8 persons in a group, it is important to find good group mates50% End of semester exam"
"Toni is one of the rare instructors that give very detailed assessment criteria of assignments. Those are the ""marking scheme"" that tells you exactly what you need to write. Don't be afraid to contact her directly if you are not sure. We were able to get an A in our report after we clarify our queries. Yes, the exam is challenging but not too difficult as long as you revise your textbook seriously and do your classworks seriously. They are of very similar format."
"Attendance required. No individual assignment, no mid-term. Classworks are easy but you have submit in-class. The biggest assignment is a group report + group presentation. Most demanding is exam (mc+essay). Really need time to revise the textbook."
No mid-term and individual assignment. Got a B+ in group report and A- in presentation. Exam is ok but need to spend time reading the textbook.
"To get this grade I am disappointed, because I really put 100% efforts inside by jotting down notes during the lesson and read most of the extra readings.This subject is a TRAP, due to the unstable format of exam. In the final exam, we are not given enough time to finish all the things. She plays a video which lasts for almost 30 mins. We thought that is not included in exam time. but it DID!!!!"
"The most crucial thing to get A range in this course is to get good group mates. As for other aspects, as long as you finished all the weekly required tasks on time, study all the ppt for the 20% exam and be a bit creative in the final group presentation. Hard work is needed much in this course, I suggest that you should jot notes during the class in order to mark down all the important points either for the weekly lab assignment or for the final exam.The tutor is good with great patience."
"The problem with this course is the same as with every GE course; the syllabus is great but there isn't enough time to go into the details of the subject. Hence it ends up providing just an overview of the topics covered. This makes it a bit difficult to do the assignments and understand what the professors want from us. One of the first major assignments in this course is a 1000 word Self Exploration analysis that will be evaluated by Toni. In this assignment you will be required to pick your dream career and analyze your employability for the selected job. Pay attention to what the professor wants you to write in this assignment as it is a tricky one. Don't hesitate to email them directly if you have questions.The second major assignment is a group project wherein you are expected to pick an industry/career and analyze the current trends, employability, key market players, etc. It is a relatively easy project where you are required to write up a report and make a powerpoint presentation. The word limit and number of slides depends on the number of group members. There are three parts to this assignment and the requirements to each part and well charted out by the professor which makes it easier to handle. There will also be two guest lectures and you will be required to write a report on them that is included in part III of the assignment.On the whole I feel like the amount of workload this course provides outweighs the amount of new knowledge we gain from it. Most of the new knowledge we gain comes from self research done on the internet. I would personally recommend leaving this course as a backup option in case your other preferred courses don't work out for you."
"Workload:Two open-booked mid-terms (30%)One project (70%)For the mid-terms, the questions are very easy and you can directly copy the answers from the lecture notes without thinking for a long time."
"Topics included:- newsworthiness of an event, journalist code of conduct- how management deals with PR crises (eg McDonald's expired meat scandal)- how advertising appeals to and/or changes customers' beliefs and values- mass media in several other countries, with a focus on China- running a business that cares for the benefits of different stakeholders in societyetc (I don't remember the rest)"
I don't know what I have learnt from this course other than writing a business plan.
"This course is not that difficult, but sometime the lectures are quite boring. Sometime, lecturer may ask questions during the lessons and bonus mark will be given to those whose answer the questions. There are totally 3 assignments and 2 quizzes. Basically the assignments are writing essays and applying the theories learnt in lesson. For the quiz, there are both mc and essay type questions. In my opinion, the two quizzes are not so difficult, it will be fine if u had done revisions. For the project, there will be 5 people in a group and we have to design a public health campaign regarding a self-selected health issue. The group project includes both the campaign proposal and presentation. Overall, I think the workload for this course is not that heavy and content is not difficult to handle as well."
There are lots of things to do in the course.the whole semester is filled with tasks of this course 2 quiz are important
"project is very important and I dont know how the professor gives marks. Only the final grade is given.however, it is a hea course with little workload."
"40% Quiz and 40% projectThe quiz is so difficult and the mean grade is CEven the project is very good enough, the professor wont give you a really high marks as other courses did."
"took this course in yr1 sem Aclass participation doesn't matter one 15 pages group report and 15 mins presentation no free riders in my group so it was easy to finish exam is not hard, quite straight-forward definitely a good choice for ppl who have learned macro-econ beforeeasy to handle :D"
"Anthea is a great teacher. She is very warm-hearted and always willing to give students necessary helps.I'm not good at English and didn't spend much time on this course, so I'm satisfied with this grade."
40% 2500words learning plan30% 1 presentation(gp assignment)20% Quiz10% Peer Evaluationlearning plan B+presentation B-Quiz C+
Some materials are useful in many fields and the teacher is really kind.However we students agree that the workload is too heavy for a GE course (but still workable if you really give much effort) and there is lack of student-teacher interactivity in the class.
Killer for sure. Only flattery student got good grade in his class.much regret taking his class.
"Great teacher giving all the necessary instructions, samples, and pre-exercises for all the assignments.Marking criteria are clear and fair to all students."
workload : mediumhave mid term & final exams
"Turned out not to be that easy even after studying BAFS in the secondary school. Many of my classmates that studied together have also studied BAFS but the results wasn't that good. The final exam was quite difficult in my opinion, even after I studied for quite a bit before the exam."
"The three main assessments of this course are (1)open book exam(50%), (2) 2 court visit reports(30%), and (3)individual presentation and class participation(20%).This course has no group project, the grade relies heavily on the final open book exam."
"Very nice and helpful.Quite strict about grades but you will get a good grade if you show that you understand the instructions, and if you put in the effort!"
"There is only one point to get an A range:catch Dr. Chan's attentionIf you can do this, you are the winner"
Dennis killed me
Dr.Ray is really kind and It is really easy to get A range.
"NICE TUTOR, INTERESTING CONTENT."
"Very easy, I skipped two lectures and late handing in my homework still got an A"
The teacher is killer and you won't have any idea what the grade will be..... Many in class works and assignments.Hard work didn't pay off.REALLY DON'T REG IT if you want to get at least B+!!!
"Assignments x5Just Facebook posts - Find a piece of news matching the theme provided, and give short comments. You can finish each within 5 mins.Tests x2Mid term test and final test of MC and true-or-false questionsThe questions are not hard, and mostly you can find the answers on notes except the ones about guest lecture"
"Peter is a good professor, he will print all the lecture notes out, which is suitable for those students who have limited printing quota LOL. If you have to study CB 2402 in cityu, I suggusted that you should study this subject together in order to get the better result, as most of the topics are in common. In return, you can spend less time to study but get the desired result."
good teacher but bad grade course
"very bad grade course, don't reg it.i did everything but still only b plus, wtf???"
Good self-feeling and got good comments on the project. A little bit disappointed for not getting A grade.
Boring. The teaching material are quite easy but the assignment are not. Finding good n hardworking gpmates are very important !
Not very familiar with the parts of wed and search content. A little bit unfair since there were many IS students studying this course and they easily got what was taught every lessons. Troublesome to deal with the weekly online ex.
"one project, quite easy and and can decide topics by yourself. At least 2 students a group.one exam, similar to DSE demand&supply + simple macro econ. Quite easy with around 20 MC and 5 simple questions.Early left."
"Workload is not heavyThere are 3 quizzes. Most are MC and a few short questions.At the end of sem, there is a presentation with 5-6ppl a grp which the topic is about wireless connection.Easy to fulfill the attendance requirement as it is just passing the attendance sheet for circulation.And u can really learn sth interesting and useful, related to our daily life in this course."
i think this course is quite interesting.the final quiz is quite difficult.greatly depend on your idea from yr final report.heavy workload is involved.
The teacher is patient with your essays. Overall an interesting course.
"The lectures mainly explore 3 parts: Visual system, Human Mind, Language. I think the content deals with human behaviour and some interesting concepts.The workload of this course is quite low because it only requires little effort. For the quizzes (each 20%), it requires you to get familiar with the powerpoint slides and understand the application of those concepts. Presentations are really easy. You just need to prepare the powerpoint slides and read them through during the presentations. For the assignments, they require you to read some kinds of reading related to those he has taught in the lessons and you have to analyse and give some personal ideas in the essay. Remember that personal ideas and additional information on the Internet are more valuable than those words copied from the readings!"
2 mc quizzes and 1 project (presentation + report)easy and low workload
Low workload and good gradesmean = around 3.7 from course grades statistics
dun reg this if u always skip lesson.the course is easy though.but dun reg if u are not good at maths.
"This is actually quite an interesting course and Ian is a very enthusiastic tutor. For the course, you have to buy a book but Ian's notes are very detailed that you don't even have to read the book at all. In every tutorial, Ian gave us a lot of time for discussions and his lectures are not boring too.However, the workload of this work is very heavy and quite challenging.15% Quiz 1 (10/15)15% Quiz 2 (14.5/15)5% Individual Image Analysis (4/5)20% Individual Scene Analysis (15/20)15% Group short film (5min) (70/100)10% Group screenplay for your short film (7/10)10% Personal reflection on your group project (8/10)"
"Anthea is a good tutor. She is willing to help and answer the questions after class. She will clearly point what is required for a good assignment and a high score. One more thing to point out, she needs every student to participate in class, you have to answer at least one question every lesson."
"I highly recommend this course for people who are interested in contemporary art. Exploring contemporary art basically introduces you to a variety of contemporary and modern art genres. For example, have you heard of Dada? If no, this course will teach you the idea of it. Besides Dada there are many more genres like for example installation art, conceptual art etc.The tutor I was taught by is Ms. Phoebe, she was able to clearly explain these different types of art. In her class we have to make some sort of mini-drawings/ artwork that relates to the topic we just learned in one class. These activities can be fun. Other activities include musuem visits; we had the chance to go to Fotanian and visit Ms. Phoebe's artwork she was exhibiting. It was a memorable experience."
little bit difficult for me who know nothing about philo but the topic is very interesting and inspiringexam topic is similar to present topic
It sucks. Fuck off.
"On the first lesson, I thought I chose the wrong course. But in the end, it is not that bad. As a business student without any science background, I find this course not as difficult as I imagined.This course mainly talks about different kinds of energy, about their technical concepts, pros & cons and other things related to ENERGY. There will be some physics and calculation, but they are still manageable."
"I enjoyed this course a lot, it's fun and rewarding. Compared to other GEs, this one is really different because you don't have to memorize a single word from the text, everything is on your own!We were given 2 individual assignments and 2 group projects to work on throughout the whole semester. Individual assignments include written exhibition review (1500 words) and a design analysis. Both of them were not difficult."
Ian is friendly but strict tutor. Course content is fun but the project is very time consuming. Groupmates determine ur grade.
50% individual 50% group Groupmate is everything
"If you think you've paid so much effort in it but still get a low grade. It means your English is pretty bad. I almost finish every of my assignment just 5-6 hours before class, and I still get an A-. Please pay more attention in class dude. 3-hour classes are basics for Uni students."
"It is my fault that I did not do enough revision before the exam because I had two for consecutive days. Honestly speaking, if you finish all the classwork / complete them after clas, everything will be fine. Be aware of the group project's instructions. Though the instructor did not have a high demand, you may lose marks due to citation problems.Anyway, worth taking as prolly you can learn more than you expect."
3 Quizzes + 1 projectjust memorize all lecture notes before quizzes
"Group projects contributes most marks. The group project is to establish a digital group, like Facebook Fan page, Instagram, to promote your group's mission. We are using fb and ig everyday, so this course is easy."
"Only 1 group project, 3 in class exercises and 1 quiz throughout the semester.Group project contirbutes most marks. If you can show your group's own efforts, like doing reseaches, experiments, your group must get an A range."
"Teaching:Sharon: Sociological theories of crime, triad societyDan: Media, policing and violence, 2 in-class group assignmentsCora: Biological and psychological theories of crime, youth violence, group essay consultationAssignments:2 in-class assignments (250 words): Dan will give the topic at the beginning of his lecture. The questions are very easy and open-ended. You could answer the questions very freely. The submission time would be 9pm."
Richard's lectures were the most interesting. You can learn a lot about Qigong and meditation in his lectures. Roy is an interesting lecturer while Margaret's lectures were quite boring.3 assignments:2 group projects + 1 individual essay
"The first assignment is Twitterbut it is not an easy job, it is required to storifyAnd there is a word limit for every post ( 140 unit)It is too hard for us to simplify the sentence with fully description for those artworks.The second assignment is group project.It is required to do the wikipedia about an artist.I think this is the easiest job in this course."
"only need to tweet around 30 words per week,easy!2 quizzes, only need to revise for 1 day and can score above 80 marks1 group project,1 presentation and 1 group paper, not difficult and not all members are required to do the presentation."
"It is very interesting ge course. If you love or are interested in chemistry and eating, please register this course. Two report about tofu and tasting experience respectivelyOne present . take a 2-3 mins video about any food and explain the science principle and reaction related to how make the taste better.A group present how to cook instant noodle, please don't do similar things with them, it is not is a sensible act. Also, they present wrong knowledge, please check your information and ensure they are strong enough to persuade professor. Exam is very easy. One thing need to improve is the uncertainty about the grading. We don't receive any mark or detail about the assignment, presentation or examination."
"Generally recommended. The best English you can have for a non-native speaker (perhaps native speaker, really academic English). A broad picture that you can learn is characterized in a vivid manner, such as videos, games etc."
"To begin with, this course is BY NO MEANS some random course that everyone can take, as said by Mr. HoThis GE course is not to be taken by students without economic background. I myself studied economics during my secondary studies. I was still out of my league in catching up the syllabus of this course, as it involves quite a substantial amount of university-level economic theories, especially the Maths there..."
It is better for those students who have studied Economics before.
"TL;DR (Summary) - Do not choose if you do not like thinking and probability.- Do not choose if you skip lesson a lot.If you lack of a logical mind or some serious critical thinking, then DO NOT CHOOSE THIS ONE unless you have no choice.I didn't choose this course but I took it because department forced all the AS2 students to take it."
An interesting and easy course. Highly recommend!!
"Prof. Leung is really a nice tutor and taught us a lot of knowledge about wireless communication. Even some concepts may be a bit difficult for those who have no IT or EE knowledge, teacher are willing to adjust the course content accordingly and answer students’ questions.At the beginning of semester, Prof. Leung said that he would not give such good grade this semester, but finally he still gave many good grade, so this course should be a ""Good Grade GE Course”. The only difference among most of my classmates should be A+, A or A-, the more effort you made (Study Well) before quiz and project presentation, the better grade you can get."
"I feel that this course need creativity to get A and A+ grades and only few are given. More than paying attention in class and tutorial, to score in the Music Composition projects one must have good experience in not only the composition SOFTWARE but also on Background Music design. Function and role of background music played will also help get A range grade. Inorder to score high in quiz and test, attention should be payed to lecture and side-by-side notes must be taken which can be used for revision. Dont depend too much on Lecture slides, its is bare minimum, rather pay close attention to Robert's Music history information and trivia. Maya Tong is a really helpful and smart person, but please do take his advise when it comes to editing sound for music, because he only gives you FINAL GRADE ( add his FB for more help lol)"
"The tutor who named Meiyung is freaking annoying.Did't know why they started to count attendance starting from this sem.And recorded it twice per lesson (before break/after break)If you are those who are lazy to attend lesson, I suggest you don't choose this course.What is more, the lectures is boring.If you are not majoring in architecture, I suggest you not to choose it cause it is a great torture."
"1. Assignments X 5 (30%)answer a question in fb group, write about 100-150 words, easy, but read the question carefully, otherwise you will lose marks easily, also pay attention to the tricky deadline2. Presentation X 1 (20%)the teacher will assign the groups and topics, 5 to 6 ppl a group, 15 mins maximum, topics are not so difficult, try to be creative, both teacher and classmates will grade you (50% teacher & 50% classmates), peer evaluation"
"Class attendance & participation (10%): No idea about how she counts the attendance, but she shows a QR Code (about survey/vote/questions) almost every lesson and we need to finish it during the class, maybe it is one of the standardIndividual Assignment (20%): 3 assignments in total, each assignments contains 1-2 questions, and one A4 page is required for each question"
"the group project wasnt easy. huge effort needed. yet, effort is quite proportional to the grade"
"Highly recommended.Light workload, perfect for final year students. The date of presentation can be chosen by urself, can avoid clashing other deadlines."
"This course does not cover very deep law issue, It only introduces some basic stuff.Assessment: (1) Court Visit Report: 30%This part is interesting. They asked you to go to courts to listen to real trials. I went there for four times. The 30% is easy to get as long as you write questions carefully.(2) Presentation+tutorial participation: 20%You can get high marks as long as you do the presentations well and ask questions during the tutorials.(3) Final Exam: 50%Lecture: Mr. Burke John prepares lecture very well. He explains things well and gives us many examples. To be honest, you don't need to listen to lecutres, though. Reviewing notes is enough for the final exam.The final exam requires you to integrate what you have learned throughout the semester. Besides reviewing lecture notes, participating in the tutorials is a good choice because you can have more ideas."
"D individual assignment ,lab report  (D PHY LAB REPORT,). ,ASSOGRAPH,INTRODUCTION,,FINAL PRODUCTDEPARTMENT!, (=,="" final project,AREA 3AREA 2 D ECON, MARKETING,BUSINESS PLAN,MARKER,SCIENCE,BUSINESS PLAN,AREA 2 !ASSO,ASSOFREERIDER  ,GPA"
"with quiz, field trip report, group report and presentation , exam.But the tutor is very nice, he always adjust the mark The topics include archaeological method and world civilization. Those who like heritage or history must take thos course, although the lesson is quit dull."
So chur (booklet) but interesting course
"I checked the ge guide and thought the grades shd be fine as so many ppl got A range,but it turns out that this ge may be :'(...The tutor is passive... there is not much things u can learn from this course. If you don't wanna learn much, feel free to pick this course!"
"This GE talks about work motivation and loving styles(etc...)...I enjoy every lecture, but the marks for the term paper is unexpectedly low...anyway, your grade should be fine if u are interested in the topics."
Ms. Lauw is a great teacher. We can send her drafts before the deadlines of hw and she is willing to ans any of our questions.Choose this teacher if u wanna truly improve your English!Highly recommended!
This course is a very good course and I had really enjoyed it. The workload is not too heavy and the tutor Ryan Lam is very nice and helpful.The grading of this course consists of three parts:2 group projects (50%)2 individual assignments (40%)Attendance (10%)
"A great tutor! He is really nice and helpful.The content of this course is just basic financial accounting therefore it is easy to get a good grade if you have learnt accounting before. Recommend to former BAFS students in high school!There will be an online assignment every week, not so demanding since the questions are simple and direct. There are also three online assignments which are more demanding with time limit. Better to revise before taking these. Group project is simply some accounting questions with calculations and analysis. End-of-semester test is quite challenging and tricky. Be careful for that."
A good GE for students who are interested in Asian culture. Business management concepts are quite simple so need not to worry about any difficult terms. Assignments are reasonable. There are some class or online discussions on every lesson. Better to join them actively to gain marks. Group project is more demanding with a written newsletter and a presentation. Examination is straightforward therefore revising the notes carefully will be fine.
"Only three assignments (Documentary, Reflective report and Scientific report) Not very demanding. The tutor is nice in the class but he can't give helpful response or advice. Sometimes I really can't tell he is in the mood for having a lesson or just stay 'idle' in the class. Anyway the grade is reasonable."
All assignment above averageLessons are okLouisa usually gives B to students
"Colin is a relatively young tutor. I really enjoy his lessons as he is very funny, lively, and sociable. I have learnt a lot from him. Also, for the workload, the course has its own designated assignment, so each tutor will most likely give the same amount of work. Personally, I do not find the workload too heavy.Moving on to the assignment part, I will talk about them starting from individual and will move on to group."
"If you like linguistics, this is the course. The professor (who is also the tutor) is talkative and eloquent. Obviously she did a lot of preparation before coming to lecture. Even if you dislike the subject, you will not feel bored in her class.workload is so-so. the one-hour tutorial pass pretty fast and you must attend the tutorial because the handout delivered during tutorial form most of the questions in the mid term quizs and final quiz."
"Easy quiz, easy assignment and nice professor!"
"Dr Ngan is a good teacher.Workload is not high, it's fair. You can manage it.Your grade depends on your group project and exam. But both of them ain't hard."
I am a first year student with no excel knowledge. Personally i feel the course is super easy because there are 70% assignments which are easy to ace alland finally the only worry is the presentation. Choose a topic which is not usually presented and you will get a good grade! :)
"**Mean in this course is not equals to/above B-I'm glad that this grade doesn't affect me a lot because my cgpa is still above 3.5. However, I'm quite worry about year1 and asso students who received bad grades.The final result is not equals to the hard work you paid.Suggestions: 1.Rebecca is really beautiful, if you want to take a look, welcome to sit in her class. 2.If you want to know more about China, you may choose to know more from news and the internet,etc."
My teacher is sick for more than 4 weeks and cancelled 8+ lessons. My classmates and I are worried whether we will fail this course because of him. EAP2 repeats 80% of EAP 1. Why wasting our time if we can take GE1 and some more interesting courses. A waste of time! Unprofessional.
Zack is a really nice tutor. He is helpful and funny.
Presentation is easy. Individual Paper is easy. Exam is soooooooooo hard!
MC is very very easy. However the final essay must be as long as possible.
"good grade, nice tutor.3 x 30%assignments, (2 indi, 1 grp)10% attendance"
"teacher is very nice... smile :D not heavy workload, hea... highly recommend!!! 2 quizs (20 mc + 1 short question) 1 individual report (one page only) Group porject (video 8 mins presentation)"
"Cody is a good tutor. He is pleased to answer queries from students in the class, through Facebook, or even walk-in his office. The most important thing is that he is welcome students finding him for conslutation of the essays ( I have heard a tutor from other class sending email to students and told them not to give him/her any essays to comment on).PS : no gains without pains. For those hardworking student who usually ask cody to comment on their essays, the grades turn out would be B or above. Otherwise, for those lazy students who seldom find cody for consulation, a grade c would be the consequences."
"Arthur is a nice tutor. He shared a lot of useful tips for learning English. His lesson is flexible which always tries to teach students practical skills for future academic use. He appreciates students' effort. If you try and work hard in the course, you can easily get good grade. Arthur , ."
"easy, no need take attendance.No exam but have one straight forward quiz."
"Thank you Ms. Lauw for all the teaching. I really enjoyed (:And to whoever is reading this page,That workload part above is really subjective, whoever the lecturer is the assessed tasks and their grading distribution are fixed anyway. I have to raise some points though, that Ms. Lauw does recognise your effort and is willing to help when you encounter difficulties. Just make sure you ask questions regarding the assignment and submit your drafts before the given date for draft submission. Make changes and progresses based on the corrections. Oh and one last thing, although things can still be independently managed, teamwork really helps. Cheers!"
"Boring, but not too terrible grade."
"Hi, I am SEM B student. WORKLOAD SO MUCH, TUTOR SO BORING.YOU SHOULD DROP THIS WHEN YOU SEE THIS REVIEW!!!!!"
"Best course and lecturer in Area 3. Must pick. Easy.1 Final pj (2 people), quantity > quality. More pages = Higher Grades. "
She is a killer that she also leave the lesson
The best killer with excuses. No grade results except for the first writing.DO NOT PICK HER. THIS IS THE LAST WARNING!
"She's one hell of an irresponsible lecturer. She would notify us 1-3 hours earlier that she wouldn't make it to the lecture. (She did that 2-3 times). I was so shocked that I got a B- from her, though I'm actually a native speaker. I emailed her to enquire about my grades, since the one and only paper she graded and uploaded was the first essay. I've been waiting for her reply for a week already............... Do not choose her course. Last warning."
"Recommended if you love photography and assignment workloads are reasonable. The assignments given involves taking photos in various themes like portrait, landscape etc for submission. I would say the grades given are reasonable although it can be quite subjective at times. Most of the teaching contents are about famous photographers, their style of taking photos and how we can capture or view at photograph in a more creative way. Videos about interview with famous photographers are often played in class but can be quite boring at times."
Wiz is very kind and there is little work in the course. Highly recommended course
"Workload is not heavy, but it is not easy to get a good grade.There are 3 presents which are causal group work. The groups are divided randomly but you can prepare in advance (especially the first two times). The professor would put up his evaluation and marks every time later.The final is easy.The lecture is a little boring. If you are a student in CLASS you will find some knowledge you have already learnt in the lectures of communication and media."
"A nice and caring tutor, who is very willing to help students out."
The quiz contributes half of the total course mark so it is the critical factor determining ur overall grade.
"much effort is needed for this course, lots of stuff to remember for exams, the case study is quite challenging.it would be better if u hv been studying business, especially finance"
"2 Quizes (20%@1)Includes MC and short essay (have to read readings if you want to get full marks)1 Group presentation and final report (not more than 10 pages)Some individual assignments (Not difficult)sometimes, there is in-class discussion"
"hea, no hw except for the last one"
"She is definitely a killer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!She won't grade your assignments at all and give low grades generally.I was really shock to see my grade at last. OMG I hate her.Also, she keep taking leaves with different excuses. But yet she is quite funny and talkative. However, do not expect you can get good grade from her easily."
Finance major student will get good grades. Not suitable for year 1 students. Require good English.Don't challenge teacher if you don't want c like me.
"Workload appears to be light but in fact, theres alot to do. Participation slips every lesson, quiz, presentation and final term paper. Don't even know if participation slips are recorded as part of assessment. Quiz is difficult, make sure you do the readings and understand concepts. Presentation requires you to make a video to experience certain lifestyle, eg. sitting on a wheelchair for a day, and finally, a 2000 words term paper. Topic is self determined, pretty difficult as there is no proper guideline for us. All in all, only take this GE if you're willing to put in your 110%."
"I luv Dr.Xin, who is reli generous in granting grades, I personally scored an A, I studied BAFS during my high school, and scored only a 5 back thenTalking abt the courseThe course is not one wf much workload, u can very often skip classes, but u must rmb to do the weekly MCs, I forgot to do sometimesIf u hv studied accounting b4, u can reli skip all those lectures and just revise a bit on the specific questions adviced by Dr.Xin"
"It would be a good GE for people who have some Econ basics, if not, do not reg this course."
"many assignment, no comment from lecturersatisfy with the grade"
Good and nice lecturershe is welcome if you want to send the drafts before the submission of the written assignements
Interesting topic but super boring course..she just read out the ppt line by line..unclear instruction.not recommended
"This is a recommendable course. You can totally skip the lessons as Louis actually just read out the ppt during the lectures. No attendance is counted as far as I know. The ppt can be downloaded at Canvas later on. the course includes:1. A group presentation(Dunno why but Louis prefers presenters to wear suit)2. A report after the presentation(Easy just copy the points at ppt and slightly elaborate)3. A Mc exam(super easy, a lot of time was given, but revising the ppt is so essential in getting a good performance)As a CLASS student, this course is really suitable. Although this is an area 3 subject, not much engine knowledge is required. You just need a good memory to remember all the things in ppt. Also, the theories are super easy to understand. Me and another group mate got A and two others got A-. This subject totally saved my gpa:)"
2 quiz -openbook-can ask Ted for hints if you don't know where to find the ans.-normally full mark with very less preparation1 groupproject-with video-reportcan skip all classes but the classes are very good so it is not suggested to skip
"definitely a good course. the materials are interesting and diverse. lecturing, photo display, videos, documentary, guest lecture..... if you are interested in China's affairs or at least you pay regular attention to the news, you would certain handle this course with ease."
"The main problem is that I almost have learned NOTHING in this GE ! The tutor speak very fast and always introduce some musicians and music history, which is very boring. I really love music and film but this course is not like what I want.There are two quiz that very different even thought you can google the questions.The final project is making a soundtrack for a video which is interesting, but i don't know what the standard that the tutor give the grade.Very low workload but don't expect have good grades. It's very different to get A range. I spend a lot of time about the project and quiz but still can't get expected grade.All in all, not a good subject to take."
So sad. My lowest grade.
Really easy.
"a really challenging lesson, so many concepts to memorize"
"1. 20% online discussion boardpost news or articles related to bio for three weeks n comment posts of others for three weeksesay task, but remember to do it every week2. 15% individual species reportdiscuss a behaviour of a species in scientific terms in 3 to 5 pages"
"Zach never had any serious or deep discussion in the class. During the 13 weeks in the course, he spent less than half of the time on teaching. If you are interested in literature and yearning to learn more about it, please don't take this course or you'll regret wasting your treasurable time, and limited credit."
"He is a nice teacher. He will give you many handy suggestions on how to improve your essays if you ask him to have a look at your essays before submitting them. Also, the atmosphere of his class is relaxing. However, he never told us about our assignment marks, so I did not know any of my mark. Overall, I enjoy studying in his class and I'm glad that I have this grade. :)"
An interesting GE with a nice teacher!The lectures were relaxing that Margaret shared us some animal clips and information in a nice and clear way. Workload is quite normal. Online discussion every week + one individual species report + one field trip group project (written+presentation). Work hard in these take-home assignments and it should be fine. Feel free to ask Margaret if you have encountered some problems. She is really helpful!Skipping lessons are very risky in this GE because some important notes should be taken in class. Recommend to students who love biology or animal behavior :)
She is definitely a good and nice teacher. Always helpful and kind of passionate. But it's not easy to get good grades anyway.
Workload quite light. Only need to do a gp pj and 2 open bk quizzes. Ted very nice to answer our questions.
Some teachers grade VERY UNFAIRLY- your grade really depends on what teacher you get. I am a NATIVE ENGLISH SPEAKER and I still only got an A- !!! I also have a friend who is also native English speaker and got an A- too.
"both of two teachers pay efforts on teaching, if you want to gain basic knowledge on bible and biblical art works, you can take this courseOne paper One Present One assignmentI predicted to score a A- in this course because my assignment only get 70 out of 100. My group mates and I are christian, we have great understanding on bible and we are serious on this course so that the result is not bad.The key point is being biblical, if you know much on bible, you can easily score high marks.Every Lesson should be attended, 10% is counted on attendance."
"I think pro. ngan is really nice. He always walks around to see if the students hv any questions. Although we hv to hand in the hw weekly, that is not heavy as most ans are discussed in the lessons.Highly recommend this GE!"
"The content of the course is very interesting.Every Lesson has role playing or tasks which is funny, and let you know more about yourself.No homework No Test No ExamYou will have to hand in a ~1200words report which like an incident reviewIt's easy (no matter for a year-1 student).The project is important , luckily Estella is a fantastic teacher, good grading!I thought I can get a A but it's still satisfied for a A-."
"too much workload as a ge course:pop quiz every classes(closed bk)2 term tests(closed bk)1 presentation1 writing report(~1500 words)Although the tests were said to be closed book, many ppl cheated and the tutor just LET IT GO. many contents to memorize."
Crystal is a nice tutor.The course is not difficult even if you are not majoring in Media & Communication. ( I am a Year 1 freshman from CLASS )
"Ted Sir is the most generous teacher I have ever met. It includes the open book test and he will guide you to answer the questions if you need. Moreover,the project needs us to shoot a video to promo the security of the computer which takes me 1 week to finish it."
"The workload of this course mostly comes from the Group Peoject which is basically the most important part. But it's easy to achieve a good grade if only you put more effort and be more creative. And there're two open-book tests which are extremely easy as you can find all your answer accordingly from the ppt and most of the students could achieve 98 even 100 marks. Anyway, just be more creative for the project and everything's fine!"
2 Quizzes1 Poster 1 Booklet1 PresentationBoring lessons
"This course is a very relaxing course and the workload is not that heavy, we only have two open book quizzes and one group project.The course grade greatly depends on the group project. The group project requires student to produce a promotional video. A creative funny video is certainly required. Do not worry! The instructor (Ted) will provide you a lot of support and comment. His comment is very useful and indeed help you to turn your video to be more funny and creative. Therefore, you will receive a higher grade for this course."
"assignment full mark, but exam is for finance students, so GG"
"MC every week - can find answer online or read PPT to find outGroup project - clear guideline and just follow everything professors wants to see in the presentation and written report - example for everything in PPT (read presenter's note!)Final Exam - spend one day reading and understanding the PPT, and did the in-class exercise already enough; but really need to understand the conceptNever touched accounting at all before (did not take BAFS)"
"Little workload in this subjectOpen-book during mid-termCan get nearly full marks in both mid-termIf you can fulfill all requirement and consult Ted Sir, you can get high grade.Ted Sir is helpful to answer the questions and give comments or directions.Try to make a funny video then the project grade will get high marks.A good subject for getting high grade~"
Have good grade and interesting! Worth to reg in year 1!
attendance 10% - easy to getproject x 2 15% + 25% - show your effortexam 50% - not very difficult if you have really revised hardA gd Ge to learn managing your finance!
"CS part contains a little bit calculation but not difficult and Kenneth is a good instructor with well-organized notes and clear explanation. IS part is so boring with many conceptual things. But the midterm had an essay question about gamification so better to memorize as much as you can.I think the innovation matters a lot to Group project since many of the groups use the same and existing business idea or just evaluate different apps.Additional effort also counts like video, posters, booklet. So, do them even you just produce the simplest ones."
"1 acct group project and 1 exam and after-class MC exercise each lesson (about 5-9 MC questions, very easy)The grade is so surprising and unbelievable to meAs an engineering student who have never studied acct before, the exam is quite difficult to me so originally i assume that I need to retake next semExam = 40MC (if i dont remember wrongly) and 4-5 LQMC is quite direct but LQ is complicated, especially for people who are not familiar with completing balance sheet or income statement (like me) thats why I have left half of the LQ blank and therefore i guess i must need to retake this"
only need to do4 online responses(~250 words each)1 individual paper(~800-1000 words)1 youtube video about virtual tour(in group)This course has very low workload and it is quite interesting to know more about cities around the world. Ivan is very nice. I expect to get a higher grade though...
"only 2 midterms but open bookalmost all people can get 100 marksbut it does mean that it really relies a lot on the group projectTo be honest, our group video is very very ""hea"" and boring compared with all groups in the courseTherefore, i wont suggest this course to year 1 students, especially for those who have no friends in the coursethe only reason is that you will encounter many free riders who will lower your final grade, even you have done a lot to improve the report and videoWith the 'hea' video, i believe that B grade is the acceptable grade to me** please hv at least 1 fd to study this course with you!!! btw, the video must be interesting so as to get a high mark :( Ted is a good teacher, you can really learn a lot here"
"The best teacher ever!He will give u valuable comments regarding yr PJ if u seek advice from him.He is good and gentle, with good tampered, students enjoyed his lessons a lot."
"Very nice course with such an amazing professor. Prolly, the best you could dream of with very good teaching and grading.. I wish i can get this course again :P"
"ted is a very nice and approachable professor. he is very considerate and left time in every lecture for group discussion while he was willing to listen to your ideas and gave usefull&concrete suggestion. 2 midterms became open-book and ted even help someone who did not take the lecture notes!the lecture contain was somewhat usefull but the tutorial would teach you hacker's softwares and skills but tutorials were not included in midterms.gourp prjt required innovate and funny idea&format instead of the professional technology. The examples ted gave are helpfull. overall, good tutor with good grade!!!"
"There are 3 individual assignments, 2 of which are report to a site visit. The 3 assignments don't matter much since the final business plan carries most of the mark. Being a deadline fighter doesn't help getting good grade."
"there is only one presentation, report and some online exercises throughout the course. it is quite a light workload. to be honest, i never learn anything from business or accounting field. I am a totally science student. Why i choose this course is just because i cant reg any other GE course at the time. Yet, I don't think it is so difficult for me. if you attend and listen to the lecture, i am sure that you can understand the content well. I believe that business students have an advantage to take this course."
"the workload of this course is relatively high but i think it is reasonable. It includes 2 presentations and around 4 essays with 3 pages each. And there is a final exam. However, the lecturer will give 90% of the exam questions and answers to you so what you have to do is just mark them up and bring it along with you to the exam."
the course is so hea and you actually do not have to listen to the lecture as it doesn't really help you with your assignments. The assignments of this course include few essays and one presentation.
"stephanie is a reli reli good teacher and the content of this course is useful in daily lives. This is the first GE course that gives me the feeling of worth-taking tho I only got b range. Honestly, if you aim to get A range, efforts must be paid. The coverage of the final exam is quite much that it may take you a week to study all. Yet, I believe that give and take in balance in this course."
The workload might be a bit heavy for me. The professor will take attendance.
"1 individual presentation on selected topic ( i have 6/10) although i present not good. And near me there are people with 9 or even 9.5/10 1 group project consists of 9 ppl. It is not difficult but it is hard to find the interviewee and to find out their personality when face difficulty, etc. My group is around 51/60 finally , there is an exam which consist of MC , T/f and short question . If you work hard and attend all lectures, it is normal to have b+ like me. However, if you want to be better(A-/A) , you need to have good English skills to present answer clearly and comprehensively, as the short questions are not easy to handle."
2 Easy 4 me
so breaking down this GE1) do your assignments on time and attend every class2) talk to the teacher about the project and heed to guidelines3) do well in exam its not hard4) its a good ge to learn eco5) have fun!
"workload is not that heavy1. Weekly Tweets (most of them can be done within 5-10 mins)2. Two quizzes - as long as you are willing to spend some time revising the notes, you'll be fine3. one Group project ~7 groupmates (one presentation + one group paper --> divided workload)The tutor Crystal is really nice too!Lectures can be at times pretty boring though."
"Only one project, an individual assignment and exam.No need to attend lecture, find fd help u take attendance is enough.Interesting topic, but kinda boring coz Lecturer will just read the ppt outExam is easy. Only some essay questions based on the ppt."
"Workload is medium.I am not good at taking photo and I spent a lot of time on doing the assignment.However, the result is not satisfactory.If you are not good at taking photos, do not take this course"
"Just find someone who have experience in making building model. I think this course is quite easy to get high grade if u have a good green building model and quiz result....The lecture is quite boring.... some classes and field trip u must need to attend, like the lecture talking about the elements of green building .....ok la"
"A 200 word report about an artwork every 2 weeks, stating its art and science sides. Not very difficult for me to find the works because I am a CM student, you can use songs, installation and anything (I sometimes wrote about artwork I learnt in ContemArt class)A report and presentation comparing two artworks. Not difficult unless you meet free-rider.Exam is very difficult. You need to study enough to get good grades in exam.I get mostly A in my coursework but I guess I failed the exam."
very easy subject for students who had taken the Economics in secondary school. Project and Exam Paper is not difficult.
2 reflection on lessons1 group paper1 quiz (MC +SHORT QUESTION)quite easy
"VERY VERY VERY VERY HEA!!!Assignments are easy and no one goes to the class.If u wanna choose 2 ge in one sem, and u better choose this course to make u like only took one ge but got 6 credits... However u can learn nothing from this course."
"For Finance major, especially QFRM. Excel skills rquired"
"Wisteria was good in teaching, Vincent was so hea..I would say attendance and participation were quite imporatantI put much time on assignment , but finally no one knows what grades of their assignments and no one announce the result of quiz.... as a student, I think the lecturers were not responsible... and all of my friends got low grades too.."
Pay effort = GradeGot open book exam. professor would gave hints to you during lecture before the exam period.Well prepared !
"This GE course is very difficult. I am not BBA student so I spent a lot of effort on this course but still cannot finish the individual project( even could not understand what the questions asked and need to ask my classmates to explain the questions to me).Luckily , I got A in individual project and formed group with some BBA students (maybe got A in the group project). 4 assignments were easy, 1 individual project was difficult. suggestion: If you are not a BBA student or not good at finance, never choose!"
The workload is beyond me.
CA's student.High output with low input.But of course you must submit something that has good quality.
AL PA BFinal Quiz 
"One Individual ReportOne group project + PresentationIn-class worksheets + Participation (Answering questions)Quiz (mc)As this is a marketing course, attendance and participation are highly valued. If you are active enough in classes, willing to answers professors' questions and try to involve yourself more in discussion parts, your good grade is guaranteed. This course is meaningful in ways that it actually teaches you how to better manage yourself. The professors are kind to share a lot of their personal experiences. The project is not difficult, but it depends on your luck to bump into good project mates as I met some bad ones."
"Definitely a hea GE course, but good grade is not guaranteed.Spencer is a nice professor, though it cannot cover the fact that his lessons are kinda boring. The course is basically about Chinese history and has almost nothing to do with marketing knowledge, except the project part that you have to come up with a business plan out of nothing provided from the notes.You cannot control yourself from wanting to escape the classes, because they are really boring. But please don't, because attendance accounts for a huge part of your grade, especially the last few ones when you have to comment on the presentations of other groups.p.s. The notes are printed for you ( which are useless )."
"Attendance is very important in Calvin's classes.If you want to hea, don't choose this course.This course's workload is relatively heavy according to my experience in taking GE courses.Field-trip report with 600 words (Went to Po Leung Kuk... )Project, post-project report with 1500 words...In class participation... You have to answer his questions... a lotIn class worksheets for every single lessons.. (to count your attendance)Attendance for both lectures and tutorials..p.s. If you are late, Calvin will mark the time you arrive classroom specifically,and I think it definitely affects your grade.So, don't mess with Calvin.I messed with him and that's why I got a B."
Dont take it in summer sem
"Not heavy workload and not hard for the course content.the quiz is not hard, similar to the lecture notes' content,"
2 assignments2 quizzes1 projectassignments are quite difficult & time consuming
"easy to pass, difficult to get A lor"
"not heavy workload at all.Sally is really nice and willing to solve students' enquiriesfree to skip attendanceppt is clear and detailedOnly an individual assignment (20%), a group project (40%) and a quiz (40%):Individual assignment: A (almost everyone gets A range)Group project: BQuiz: 87/100-> turn out to be A-"
Normal work load.But the notes and the lessons are not very clear.
I can assure you that the course workload is not heavy. Yet I'm dissapointed at the grade as Phil always praised my pictures.
Useful knowledge for research with Approachable prof.
"Workload is not heavy.Since I am not good at taking photos, I didn't get satisfactory result for the first 3 assignments. Maybe marking standard is too subjective.But the course was not boring."
"Estella is a helpful tutor. Besides 20% on active class participation, 40% is on presentation while the last 40% is on term paper. Easy to cope, highly recommended."
"I think I was lucky to have this Taiwanese lecturer (as I see most of the comments here are not referring to him).He is a good guy, with detailed explanation in PowerPoint, a lot of attractive video clips in his lectures to see how the western media see China.2 Quizzes (MC + SQ) + 1 Group Present + 1 Group Report is acceptable for me.However, it is not his turn in the coming semester."
"40% Group project presentation X 1 30% Individual essay (1000-2000 words) X130% Class participationGroup project PPT,,,PPT,D flow chartLINKAGE."
"Heavy workload for a ge course, you will need to revise.If you are not good at maths, you will need to drop the course.Many of my gpmates dropped it due to the difficulty of the questions and assignments.The professor can remember your name and your face if you are girl, so better not to skip class.I screwed up the test and ended up within C range. The professor made a lot of broken gags."
teammate = grade
Work hard and usages of writing & reading skills are so important in this course.Otherwise...... you know that
"Kevin's very easy to be bribed by your effort. show your enthusiasm in english, get some proofreading services. A is yours."
thought i could only get a B+ at most by averaging the subgrades. surprised that 5-7 out of 15 ppl got A range.
"fuck up by the exam, lot's of concepts to be digested. also require good english in answering long exam questions"
"sales figures & selling experience help a lot with the grade. hea store design, didn't cost a cent to dress up the storefinal paper matters the most, 7k words with sophisticated business model(by pure bragging)"
"Heavy workloadI think Colin is a good teacherHe is helpful. You can seek help from him when doing assignment.He will give you some useful comments. But, to be honest, it is not easy to get A grade from him"
"3 essay+ information graphic presentation,2 essayinformation graphic , 3GE PRESENT HEA, C+...... ?! B- ............"
Zach is really nice and humorous and always fully prepared for the classes. He always tries to convey the difficult literature terms in an easy way and never gives up on any of the students in the class. This course itself is interesting also. If you like reading and writing this is one you definitely do not want to miss. Do pick Zach's section if it's available.
"Nice and 'hea' lecturer.Good grade guaranteed as long as you have an interesting topic for your individual report. (or at least you pretend that you have put a lot of effort on it, like conducting/faking your own mini research)There's one weird thing about this lecturer, he has trouble speaking English, yet he expects you to speak fluent English."
I think my grade is disappointing.Site visit to Kowloon Bay Zero Carbon building and Wanchai HolidayInn Hotel2 site visit reports1 poster design group project + presentation you can design your own investigation topic for the project
"You need to do 3 essays and 1 group project presentation.3 essays submitted at the same time.essays about the job nature of construction professionse.g. what do architects/ engineers, etc do ?one A4 page per essaygroup project is easy 10 ppl per group 10 mins presentation the tutor is a japanese guy"
"interesting course, ivan is nice. lots to learn about different cultures.weekly review (50 words) on the cities being taught in class.one individual paper, describe a city of your choice.video-making (group work), quite easy as not much techniques are required, just google-map virtual tour"
",,."
very easy to get A range and active in class benefits a lot
"Every week report writing the feedback ,your thought and feelings whatever of last week , with 3 phases project presentations.Besides works, we have great lessons outside classroom such as visit to CLP power plant etc. We also have some interactive lessons like video presentation competitions.Although the work load is quite heavy, You will really learn a lot if you pay attention to the lessons as Dr Chung tried his best to deliver great lessons. He also invited one of the famous professor from Qin Hua University as guest lecturer for 3 lessons talking about the current chinese energy and environment policies.I recommend those who are really interested in studying environmental and energy policies to take this valuable GE course."
"One exam with only multiple choice questions. One group project to produce a 10 min video, but no presentation. In-class discussion participation is also assessed.The exam is not easy if you are not familiar with economics..."
"Two guest lectures with reports, one group project with presentation, in-class quiz EVERY CLASS.The course content is fair. Daisy can talk very well about her topics. In-class activities are generally interesting."
totally rubbish !!just leave my grade
"Two visits and two reports, plus one group project and presentation.The course is not interesting, poorly put together, far from what is claimed in its form 2B."
"Don't take this course if you do not have engineering background or so. Attendance taking in lectures and loads of small quiz after lectures. In addition, field trips, field trip reports and presentation plus essay. And it really depends what your relationship with the tutor is."
you have to pick the right groupmate in this course
1 mid-way presentation 1 final presentation1 final group report2 assignments2 quizes
Mr. Law is a very bad instructor. He scolded people without a strong reason.He expects others to respect him but he didn't respect his students. He is very subjective in giving comments about the individual presentation. I personally think that he has his preconception already before we do the presentation.I couldn't learn anything from him. He talks something that are really hard to understanding. The homework requirements given by him are not clear. We just don't know what to do. During the whole semester he just kept on playing videos.
"Only work hard on the project (2 people as a group), 1XX pages can get good grade. If you want to get A range, reg this course."
"Totally hate economics...enrolled this course just for my friend...The quizzes were very difficult, especially the second one. If you are like me who really hates economics, please don't take this course. But the tutor was very friendly and helpful."
"I don't know 'bout you but I really like the grading of the course was based on quizzes and I think that's why I could get a decent grade from the course. I paid the best attention to every lecture, not just for the grade but I really liked the content covered and the way Andus taught attracted me to pay attention to. I really really recommend this course but I totally don't understand why so many people say this course is very difficult, I mean, you're only asked to study for the quizzes geez...don't be such lazy and then blame everything in the course okay..."
"The workload was quite heavy indeed but every piece of the classwork accounted for a very small proportion only, so the most important one was the exam which accounted for like 50% (if I didn't remembered wrong). Margaret was quite helpful throughout the course, it's really nice to listen to her lecture."
"Workload is not very heavy but the tutor is very strange. Sometimes, attendance is very important which she required us to take one by one, whereas sometimes she would take it by herself because she remember almost all students’ name which is very weird!! The powerpoints have no any structure and organization; one page can full of words, whereas another is just one large photo.For mid term, she asked so many strange questions which are not taught. For exam, she said 40 mc questions originally, but finally only 25 mc questions and most of them are not from the lecture notes."
- 2 Quizzes - individual paper- group project (report + presentation)- no exam
"Exciting class for cross Science-Art discussion!Workload is not heavy and actually fun to work with. I discovered many beautiful and innovative artists and their artworks when researching. The exam is fine. You just have to do your job and study (what's wrong with studying the whole thing? That's YOUR DUTY AS A STUDENT). Our group project didn't touch deep enough to impress Margaret. Overall, it is an interesting and easy class. Margaret is funny and helpful. Don't be shy to ask Qs."
He had an odd teaching style. He only provided ten ppt slides and requested students to copy the remaining slides. He didn't give back any of the three exercises or comment on the class performance. He TRIED to be funny and his English is...
"2 field trip report( one of them is zero carbon building)1 group presentation (present a green and intelligent building in HK, no pic can be used in the internet. Doing field visit before presentation is a must.It's hard to do consultation with the tutor as he seldom replies email~~"
"1 individual field trip report1 group field trip report1 group presentation(design green home)+written report (10 ppl in 1 gp)1 final test(base on lectures and field trips)(even i did revision, i was not sure about the answer of the part related to field trips)The tips of doing well in this course is choosing good group mates!!I was in a gp that I know no one!! And they were so hea~~"
"a friendly and nice tutor, who is reli willing to tutor your work till you are satisfied, though no concrete suggestions were ever given, but she gave me a direction, which reli helped with my final essay, even though my final grade is quite poor, but it's reli my own fault"
"killer, gave no direction to individual reports and in-class worksheets, had no discipline in giving ppl those 'panda cards', which made participation marks impossible to get, gave no concrete suggestions on assignments, he was nice though, once bought us some sweets, but harsh on marks"
"Awesome teacher!willing to dedicate himself into tutoring students, friendly, nice, interesting lectures, if you are willing to spare no efforts into getting good grades, he won't disappoint you coz he reli recognizes ppl's efforts"
"I am the lectuers of GE2304! In semester B 2013/2014, 7% of the students failed in this course! Some are not happy with their grades. Even explained many times, some students still assume (or try to argue) that every body will get the same scores in the group. In fact, the grades are very different based on peer assessment of individual contribution. To prevent friends try to be in the same group and help each other's assessment, teams were divided by lecturers randomly. No students can choose group by themselves. After a few years' testing, the assessment will be even more strict in the coming year.Although interesting and inspiring to many students, free riders and lazy students will have a difficult life in this course."
2 individual assignment (10 question each)Write more to present you are well prepare and want to finish the homeworkFor example at least 100 - 150 words for each question. Some of them i even wrote 400-500 depending what it asked. Mostly searching from Internet and recalling from notes and lectures2 quiz (10 question each) (open notes)which you write related to what Dr. Ray said in class you will get high marksQuite limited time to finish the quiz but i write on all the lines it given on the answer paper
A good course with nice lecturers ;)
"two exercise (not in-class)one group paper, not difficult, focus on theory and analysisone test (MC and few short questions) moderate difficultynot really know how to do the test, yet unexpectedly good grade"
Court report and portfolio is ok.Take home exam is a bit difficult.
"lecture = quite goodtutorial class and consultation=serious discussion, not boring, learnt a lot from miss tam"
"lecture = quite goodtutorial class and consultation=serious discussion, not boring, learnt a lot from miss tam"
"lecture = quite foodtutorial class and consultation=serious discussion, not boring, learnt a lot from miss tam"
lecture = sleeping timetutorial class = chatting time
Every week have quiz but most are not difficultNeed to have one site visit and write reportAnd a final group reportI can't imagine I can get A rangeBut seems many people get good grade
"Wonderful Lecturer, but active participation is strongly recommended to those who want to get a higher grade. You will not be bored by this lecturer.Personal Consultation is welcomed before submission of your project, her opinions indeed help a lot in producing great personal essay.Before group presentation, consultations are provided, follow tutors’ instruction to make amendment. It helps to get a good group mark.After group presentation, tutor opinions are useful for producing final essay. Follow it.Students are advised to attend the lecture, tutors said that most students obtained bad grade because they did not attend lecture, 12% for 12 lectures, already many grades in that 12%, even from pass to fail. Though some students said the lectures were useless for project and time consuming, but whether take that 12% or not, it’s your decision."
"Wonderful Lecturer, but active participation is strongly recommended to those who want to get a higher grade. You will not be bored by this lecturers.Personal Consultation is welcomed before submission of your project, her opinions indeed help a lot in producing great personal essay."
"Very nice tutor! She really taught us a lot of legal knowledge, it is not difficult to understand and those knowledge is very useful in the future. For BBA students, if you have taken any BBA Company Law Courses, it is beneficial for you to take the course. The first several lectures are about Contract Law, for example, invitation to treat, consideration.....Workload of this course may be a bit heavier than other GE Courses, students were divided into group and they were required to present and simulate some real cases which had been published in THE CHOICE(). They were required to present 3, 4 times throughout the whole course (FINAL PROJECT presentation is NOT COUNTED).Active participation in the class is required and strongly recommended. Class participation constitutes 30% of your final grade. Teachers render staunch support to you and your group mates in final group presentation project, consultation are available, you may talk with the lecturer about your project plan and she is very willing to give helpful opinion.Personal consultation about individual essay is also welcomed, but tutor may not answer ALL your question in order to be fair to other students.Teacher is very helpful in answering ALL Legal questions. Wonderful Lecturer. Great!"
"Wow! The workload is really...... You have to write a reflection after every lesson (the student log book), finish a mini project as well as random assignment(s).The good thing of this course is that the harder you work, the more you gain~~HAHA =D"
"The tutor is quite nice and her instructions are very clear. If you study hard and pay attention to her lessons, you WILL NOT die in the quiz~~ In other words, your effort will definitely pay off!Anyway, if you are a fan of math, this GE course is designated for you=]"
"Individual:Assignment (10 short question ) x2in-class quiz (10 short question ) x2Group(up to 8 person):Lego (design ,build and program+ present)Case Study ( free to choose the topic) (present + report[4 pages/each person])we have 3 lab section this semester and the rest of the time is lecture time many video were played in lecture (around 2 hour per lecture ?) but you have better attend the lecture because most of the quiz question were discussed during lecture Dr Ray is kind and you can get good grade if you have good team mateone of the free rider (free ride in both lego and case study part ) also got a range"
Good teammates + major in EE = A+
"Not much to do . Basically attend all the class and finish all the in class exercise , consult her before group presentation , and you would get a good grade.Useful and interesting lessons with videos and news , definitely worth the time . Highly recommended course ."
"Anthony is a really good tutor with patience .He discussed a lot of daily issues and hot topics with us in class.But I personally think that he focuses a lot on attendance , for example , all of the members in my group basically attend all the classes and all of us got A range. Be attentive and active and you would got good grades.But one point to take note of , it's a heavy GE course which requires plenty of reading and complete understanding of the psycho concept."
very boring lectures
one project with 6-8 ppl in a group (10 pages report + 10 mins presentation) one individual assignmentno need to attend the lectures
Quite Good! Not difficult! You have to pay effort in this course.The course is interesting.
"3 test, every lesson have little exercise for attendance.Present and report ."
The group project is really important because it counts for 70% of the final grade.Do put effort in the project and you should get a good grade.
"3 Essays (Travel Snapshot, Travel Narrative and Critical Essay)1 Group Project and Presentation (Creating website)Full of readings and boring, final critical essay is related to readings."
Workload high.5 pieces of journal writing (~200 words)1 large scale exhibition 1 rooftop planting (5%)
"I think I enjoy the most of the part of the course so I had felt relaxed during the ""research"" process.In our group, we had to design a ""sensor"" which was supposed to be a machine. Although we didn't need hand in lengthy report, we spent lots of time on searching and buying the components."
"Palos is super nice and the course is really fabulous and relaxing! the journals and presentation are not difficult, one just need to put some own feelings and critical thinking into it"
"A very nice teacher.he is a local teacher with british accent.never get bored in his lecture.he taught us a lot more than it should be.Not only teaching you english, but also the useful stuff in real life."
1. No group assignment.2. One court visit report plus one portfolio plus one take-home exam.3. All not less than 500 words but not more than 1000 words.4. Quite rely on your delivery.
"For students who are interested in statistics analysis and mathematics. This GE course would be a best choice in area 2.Personally speaking, I like the teaching style of Ms. TSANG: clear mind, clear speaking(though not that standard in English), and clear after-class explanation. The topics in this course are interesting and closely related to our daily life(soccer match, spam emails, apartment price, etc), which makes the course more attractive."
"The course is not as interesting as it may look like via the title. It simply introduces industries like Coal, Gas (Energy) and Food retailing, with some charts and statistics. However, seldom contents of these are really remarkable and worthy of being studied. The topics have not been deeply discussed. Many students sleep or wander their minds in the class.The workload is relatively pressured compared to other GE course in area 2. Two group papers with one group presentation may seem to be easy but actually not. If you want to get a good grade you need to research much and write well in your reports."
"1 Assignment1 Mid-term1 Written report1 PresentationThe workload is fine, the course covered IT & Business aspects.If you attend all the lectures and tutorials, I believe you will get a good grade.However, the mid term test is extremely important as it will directly affect your final grade. The mid-term curve is high."
-1 Film Review (Pair work)-1 final presentation w/o final report-1 final reflection essayTutor is friendly and helpful.
Many readings. There are two quizzes to test you about the knowledge of the readings. You must study hard and have high standard of English to finish and understand the readings. There are also a group creative project and one essay(800).
"2 assignments: film review(1000) and creative writing about a character(800)1 group project: a video of a play's sceneThe course is fun and not really hard. We basically read the plays and watch the movies throughout the semester.It's very easy to get a B/B+. However, those who get A are usually talented and very good in English."
My overall marks 78.5 ==> B+Easy to get good grade......
"The criteria somehow makes it not so easy to reach a very high level but the average grade is acceptable. The workload is not too heavy but still requires hard work. By the way, the teacher is kind."
Quite new But a nice teacher.Help you a lot in choosing essay topic and tell you how to improve it.Take a look of your essay and Give you advice before you hand it in. Choose her if you are a disciplinary student and willing to follow her instructions.
"It is a really good subject for people who really love music, its inspiring.The grade is truely depended on your sense about music and film."
"-2 quizzes, average difficulty, not really high marks-1 individual report, B range-1 group project, easy B range if you are performing average"
"Absolutely not a good subject to takeThe tutor did not have any ppt for us (only 2 lessons) while he taught a lot on the music history with all the musicians' names and rather specific music terms. Even though I did attend every lesson and paid attention in trying to understand, yet, I completely had no clue of what he taught."
There's only one open notes quiz and all answers could be found from the notes!! After the quiz you can just skip all the lectures and only come back on the presentation day. There're also two lab sections but you do not need to participate in it. You just need to jot down notes about the procedures of the lab and write the lab reports. The demonstrator will provide all the information you need via email.
"Anderson is a really good teacher and his lessons are really fun. Although you are not allowed to use your mobile in his lessons. Also, if u consult him about the assignments, u have a better chance of getting a high grade. He tries hard to make the lessons interesting.u need to do an infographic, some essays but generally it's not difficult."
"Two assignments onlyvery easy, all common sense"
No idea why i can get A. Only 9up course.
final exam is very important
Submit the assignment and projects on time but no idea why i will fail lol...
"The workload for this course is quite heavy, esp. for the project. you have to write a individual report as well as a group report. Then, you have to take a video as an presentation for the individual and group report and the requirement for the video is quite troublesome. It is good if you have groupmates knowing how to handle video editing.The group project of Sandy's part is quite easy and I was doing her part. Group Project is just choosing an industry and to do an analysis. Individual Project is to analysis a company in the industry that your group have selected. I think it is not an difficult task for business students. Isabel's part seems to be difficult.For the course material, Sandy's part is just combining the business knowledge taught in CB's core subjects while Isabel's part requires some basic knowledge in Economics if you wanna fully understand her part.One important point is that, the course takes attendance and it accounts for 20%. Sandy allows student to be late but you would only get a half for that lesson. For Isabel, if you are late more than 15-20 minutes, then it is better not to come as you would not get any for that lesson."
"For the participation, you can choose to participate in class discussion or finish the discussion question as a take-home assignment. It is better for you to participate 3 to 4 times in the class discussion and to finish all the rest as take-home assignments.For the group project, the instructor give quite a lot of guidance, but do not expect she will pre-read your project. It is to create a newsletter for a Asian companies and analysis its behaviour. It is not difficult but stress a lot in creativity if you wanna get high marks.For the exam, the instructor will give the short question and long question topics to you. All you have to do is to spend a day preparing the answers for the topics.It is not a bad choice if you take this course."
"Low workload, just some in-class exercises and a few report, no exam or quiz"
Every class has a quiz but most answer can be get from the Internet.There is an essay without limit words at the last class and you can search related articles for 1 hour after got the topic.Quite interesting and easy if you like physics.
Pay effort = grade Well prepared in open exam can attain a good grade
"Effort = gradesMay seems strict but could be quite causal and relaxing;enjoy the lesson, raise hands and answer the question"
"Don't know what to say...Very causal and relaxing, not like a lesson at all, more like weekly chatting with the teacher...***Really love the movie sharing session, pretty inspiring***"
Challenging and inspiringReally see if your character fits with Dr. Ma's teaching - very dynamic and critical
"I think it is quite easy to get a good Grade, though the lesson sometimes is boring. The attendance is not important.*Individual: Focusing on Final Presentation Performance and individual report is already ok. *Group: At least leave one groupmate to report the progress to tutor."
Though the workload is heavy...A) 1 Life story book (Life mentor scheme: to meet up with an elderly) + out-of-class meet-upsB) 1 group project (with presentation)C) 1 individual report based on the group projectD) Reflection journal per class (half A4 page)
"For lecture part , the content is quite interesting.You will learn many latest smart home devices.But the lecturer's speech is quite boring.For Lab , you have to do some circuit stuff, a bit difficult."
"Don't choose it. The workload is not heavy but the mid-term and in-class assignments are onj.Questions in exam have nothing to do with what I have learnt during the lesson. Some answers are not found in lecture notes. Not as fun as I imagined. Don't be tricked by K-POP, this course is not about k-pop and your oppas."
Open book examOne thousand word assignment 
flora is a nice tutor. caring to students.plz give her response during class... don't make her feel so bad as she is really kind.
"need time to adapt to the tone of the professor. Very heavy workload, have in-class exercise every lesson, the final exam is quite difficult, the presentation is quite difficult."
Group report abt 4000-5000 words2 Individual Reports (1 Guest Speaker)1 Group Presentation 3 In Class ExercisesHeavy workload but good tutor. Not recommended if you already have a heavy workload or schedule.
"no exam, only lecture.relax one"
good gradehea courserecommend!
"Every week needs to read 3 long readings and provide a short abstract on a related topic of that week on discussion board.Need to hand in 1 group project report with no word limit and 2 individual essays with 3000 words upper limit.Last few weeks are for project presentation but we can skip most of the classes.However,the grade is not as good as expected."
"Anderson is super funny. Unlike other lectures, having his lessons is a pleasure. :)No preparation is needed before each lesson. He will teach you how to do each of your assignment. And still you can feel free to consult with him or email him. He will reply u soon"
"For this course, no attendance was taken so absences from the lectures would do absolutely no harm. Some suggested that one should attend the two field trips to the Giant Buddha and Elements or else he would find completing the two written assignments challenging. An alternative is to do a bit of research on the Internet or in the library in order to fill words in. Regarding the group presentation, work on it seriously and apply Feng Shui concepts as much and appropriately as possible."
"The workload is a bit heavy but the grade is relatively great. There two individual reports (two pages), one group lab report and a group assessment for whole semester. This subject is regarding the biology and geography. One of the individual reports is the site visit report (zero carbon building), which is about the building design and recommended to the BST students."
"The workload of this course was really light as students just had to work on an individual essay, a group presentation, and sit for a one-and-a-half-hour quiz. No attendance would be taken so absence from the lectures would not be a problem. Yet, careful attention should be paid to the quiz as it may result in a substantial drop in the course grade in the case of poor performance, especially for those lacking prior knowledge of statistics. If one prepares well for the quiz and completes the assessment tasks seriously, getting A- or above should not be difficult."
"mary is a killer, she killed my friends"
"mary is a killer, the highest grade of the class is B....."
"recommend ppl who knows to draw to study, easy to get A range.have a few paper works to do, can hea donearly no need to attend lecture"
"This introductory course to psychoanalysis in literature consisted of weekly readings (usually 2 or 3 short stories), in-class discussions, two quizzes which were quite straight forward, a creative project and an individual essay. Materials could be a bit challenging for students with little or no experience in reading literature, but our instructor has also made every effort to inspire various ways that could help decipher the texts (quizzes and discussions were not so in-depth, except for the final essay which required exploring the topics in a very critical manner with close reference to secondary sources). Personally I've enjoyed this course very much and would recommend it to anyone interested in this field- it's one of the few courses where you can actually gain an insight into the wider and more exciting spectrum."
Tutors are not well prepared for the classes and assignments1 pjthey didnt give us help when we cant open Taobao accountand they didnt notice that having a taobao account to open shop is extremely troublesomethey only ask us to deal by myselfand giving us instructions on the very last moment only
3 indiv. repo. for 70%easy to get nearly full marksfinal quiz for 30%extremely hard as i didnt attend lessons and i didnt study science from high schooland it is all about sci and engine fieldit is very hard if you didnt know much on these
"Amy is really a good tutor. There's a time I was absent for the quiz. She met me the next day, then she asked why I wasn't there and if I needed a make-up quiz. She did provide me many opportunities to make myself better:)))For the personal assignment, just do it with your group-mates and share the workload together. For the project, don't say something like ""your other is a female"". Give more unique ideas and impress Amy. Q&A isn't that hard, just answer Amy confidentially:)"
"Agree with the previous comment.Very interesting course and very funny teacher, have learnt so much.If you have studied AL bio, it's easy to study cuz things were similar.I heard quit a few students did not get a fine grade, maybe B- or below.I have to declare that because they did the assignments wrongly and some of them actually cheated, as they handed in the similar content of the individual report and the final report. Maybe they believed Margaret was too nice to give a bad grade.B grade is reasonable. I did not study well for the exam, hence I probably got a B. And I missed a week journal, so a week of mark was deducted and turned from A- to B-, too sad!! B+ for report and A- for paper."
"Heavy WorkloadLecturer takes attendance by remembering your face. Minimum 70% or fail1 group presentation1 group final report + presentation again3 individual assignmentsEach class give paper feedback to other group's presentationNo quiz, no examHeavy workload but good grade!"
"So damn heavy workloadTake attendance using different styles each week e.g. hand in Q&A slip, voting preference, presentation cmmt--> impossible to ask frd to take for you1 grp presentation1 grp project1 final indv paper13 weeks reflection journal1 lifestory book with elderly--> date 3 times elderly1 fieldtrip at St. James Settlement in WanChai1 activity class in Student Residence4 guest speakerDid so much damn stuff and only A-. Really not worth!"
"KillerHigh Expectations, don't take unless you only want B range!!One compulsory field trip (whole day), one grp presentation (50 mins), one grp report (6000-7500 words), one field trip reflectin, one online discussion...Groupwork heavy unless you take it tgt with 4 frds to confirm no freeloader"
"Basically if you attend all the lectures and tutorials, do some proper research on the project, the grades would be ok.To me Li Guo is nice, not harsh"
"Content little bit boring, it has just one project.There are lots of concepts and you need to memorise in order to handle exam.It is the course getting the lowest grade in my grade report so you need to consider much if you want to take this course."
"1. news cut every week2. 3000 words individual essays3. 30 minutes group presentation + report 4. take attendance + in class discussion (mark name)5. holding discussion sections (one week, 2 parts)6. reviewing other group's presentation (2 minutes Q&A)Horrible workload and bad grade"
good choice in area 1
Vinny is a good teacher but u need to read all readings beforehand.I thought it would be in A range... probably i have missed some in-class writing because of sick absenceAssignment 3 - Argumentative Essay 29.00/30 GradeAssignment 2 - Analytical Essay14.00/15 GradeAssignment 1 - Descriptive Essay 13.00/15
"Ted Chow is a really good teacher with passion in teachingbut he becomes emotional if you dun respect the course and him (like cheating...)I got a reli good mark in two mid-termand i think the project is the main reason that it turns out a Banyway, it is a good course.if you want to have a good grade, the proj and your proj mates reli count a lot"
"very boring course but u can skip all lessons (ask your fd to tick name)large workload in both individual and group projquizs based on reading at home every weekmy individual works got A range but finally turns out a Bso not worth it to do such big workload, given that your gpmates are not so good and hea...nevertheless, the tutor is nice after all."
Extremely huge workload ><.. but Spencer is really a nice professor!
quizes can make ur grade lower and lower.google searching cant really help much in limited time.
"Ray Chan is a boring tutor, you can skip his lessons if you have the ppt copy. The 3 in-class tests need to read abt 100 pages course pack and it's annoying. Also, the poster, booklet and presentation are really heavy that you have to apply all the knowledge even though they are not yet been taught! Will definitely die if you get free rider group mates and no one in your group knows how to make a good booklet and poster. I think the grade is really depending on the final project, but not the quizzes for Ray Chan.Don't take this course if you want a gd grade!"
The lecturer is not helpful!!!3 close book quiz and you have to make a poster!!!Not recommended because you have to pay a lot of effort on it in order to get a good grade.
"If you like english or american literature, then this course is for you. Covers several topics like racism and immigration. 3 written critiques, 1 grp presentation on a covered topic."
Paul is a very good teacherso nice and friendlythe workload of this couse is extremely light (1 presentation + 5 mins quizzes + 3 700 words assignments )
"20% Project proposal40% Project (Totally 60%, namely Love Project)40% Exam, All MCRecommended"
"It is a trap. Some quizzes are easy but most quizzes cannot google so you may not get high marks in the quiz part. In the last lesson, you would be distributed a question to write an essay about physics ranging from mechanics, optics, electromagnetism to nuclear energy. The topic distribution is random so you would not know the topic before the lesson. My topic is typical and i am confident when i was writing. However, the final grade is bad.IT IS NOTICED THAT NON-SCIENCE STUDENTS WOULD DROP THIS COURSE AFTER WEEK 1"
The tutor is nice. And the course is not difficult at all!!!
"really hard. and it is tough to prepare the final exam, many points u cannot remember,even not pay attention to in the lecturefor individual project and group project, the professor demand a very high level of writing, info searching and many other things, it is easy to get a not-bad-but-not-good grade.(teammates are important too, u never do their part because everybody have a lot to do!)in-class negotiation are rather interesting, compared with other GE class, that's why I choose this courseif u do not care much about your GPA, then come and have fun."
"1 individual assignment, 1 group project, 1 take home quiz, 1 reflective journal.Stefan is a real architect, and he's nice and easygoing.Attendance is not so important actually, but you should prepare your presentation well."
"The teacher is very nice and passionate towards teaching, who has excellent academic background.The workload is normal, 2 online discussions, 2 paintings, each worksheet for each lesson and a final report of 1500 words per person.The lessons were fun, as the presentation of the teacher was attractive, and if you are interested in the history of Chinese arts.Highly recommend for students who have interests for Chinese arts."
"Workload is ok, but beware of exam. The exam clearly stated what concepts should be explained, so work hard on the concepts. Christina welcomes questions and would give clear directions if you ask. It is good for the group project. Rehearse few times before presentation and be sure of your content. Being confident is not enough because she might ask questions about the theories or explanations in your ppt. Maybe boring sometimes because she speaks in a rather low tone."
"Mags is a nice tutor though her lessons are not interesting indeed. She wrote detailed comments for my essays and they are always encouraging, which I find it good.My written assignments got 13/15, 14/15, 28/30, but I don't know the marks for info graphic."
2 close book MC quizzes which you need to memorize lots of notes for better grades = 50%1 clouds observation report = 15%1 field trip report = 5%Forum discussion and group presentation = 30% The presentation was easy to do since we had 7 people in a group but I think forum discussion based on peer evaluation would affect the final grade easily.I got bad grade because I missed 3 lessons. The lecture is very boring.
"Lower than the grade I expected.However, Mags is a good and nice tutor."
"Need to submit Art Diary every week without announce the grade after the first two assignment.After submit all art diary, you need to finish a field trip by visiting museum or exhibition.And do a group project.Finally, you will have an exam.For the art diary, it is difficult to define if it is a piece of art. Also, it is difficult to find art not printed on the notes. And if you do a piece of art which has shown on the notes, you will get low grade for your assignment.So think carefully before you reg this course."
"terrible course, heavy workload, bad gradedun consider this ge course"
Rly need a huge effort and the note dont have all the information you need. Taking note is necessary
One very useful GE course and very hea. Though the grade is lower than what i expected.Michael is a very gd tutor. A must choose tutor
"very difficult, but the prof is nice..need great efforts1 video based lab& solve 2 small problz+1 presentation including grp report+1 final exambut the video lab sucks"
"2 individual asgmt (50% of course grade) & 1 gp asgmt+presentation (50% of course grade)2 indiv. asgmt each consist of an 800-word essay (in English), regarding the Feng Shui (Kanyu) theories applied to the Big Buddha () and Elements (), had better go to the site visit"
"Very good! Workload isn't heavy, professor tries not to go in too depth of difficult concepts as he understands not all students are computer students, quiz (in lectures) are not too hard, assignment topics are straightforward and one present in front of 200 people (nobody listens to you), overall a great subject with a good grade!"
"Not Good! Every mark (Individual presentation, group project and presentation) was high, but still got C+, I don't think the professor engages students during the lecture, all she does is read out the slides! She said attendance marks are counted, which i doubt! Bad choice! Don't fall for this!"
Nearly no workload:) Nice course with useful materials.Simon is really a good tutor---> at least his lessons are not boring LOL
I guess the 2 individual fieldtrips assignments affect your grade mostcoz my group's presentation sucks when comparing to the other groupsMaster Lung only knows blowing water & 9up his achievement lolAndrew Leung only read the notes during lectureSo I skipped most of the lectures @@
only three assignments and they are all individual works (freeriders 898!)I never answer Qs in discussion sessions
"The lecturer is such a crap!!!But if you do good in your reflection log and the exam, you can get a good grade still.The workload is light as it only involves a presentation, a reflection log (can finish within a night) and the exam.To sum up, this one is ok if you can manage your own work. Don't rely on the lecturer. He cannot help you anything."
"Easy to get excellent grade. I don't know whether group project has a big effect on the grade , i just know my part in group project is not so special. However, with a very detail investigation and analysis of feng shui features and flying stars in the two individual assignments definately make me an excellent grade. Don't miss two field trips, else, you can't do your essays in detail."
"The tutor is really nice.In the beginning of the semester, I have thousands of recruitment talks and applications to deal with as a year 3 student. He told me that I can freely attend the tutorials availalbe as long as I am free. He cares about students not only on the academic but also their attitude. This is why he is emotional. Through his experience shared in class, I was really touched by his passion on teaching.I promise he is one of the best professor I have met. If you try to approach or ask him questions, he tried best to guide you through difficulties and keep track on your progress. Even out of the class, he always seeked comments from the students on how to improve his teaching in class, it was really impressive.This GE course can really build up your computer knowledge about privacy and provided me with excellent learning experience.However, he won't teach the course next semester. Don't know if the policy of the course will change as he is the spirit of the course.Nice to have such a good professor ever."
Ted is the best instructor!!! He gave a lot of courages to students! Simple mid term test and project .There are always free riders.... But Ted can observe and gives higher grade to students who work harder
"4 reports, 1 present, 1 final project(with outcome game product, present and report)lessons are fun, spent half of the time on playing games given by the tutor during lessons but the if you want a good grade, you better be creative and make sure your product can fully fulfill the topic"
Two reading + One presentation & ReportNot much to do.
Work Load is heavier than my major courses.4 Individual Reports1 Group Presentations1 Final Project (Real Game Product + Presentation)
"The course title might sound weird, but I think the workload is pretty light and easy. The content is alright if you want to know abt tech companies and that kind of stuff. The 3 HW reports are no brainers, the prof will give you a fully outlined instruction, so you just have to fill in the blanks with simple web searches. Good english matters cuz i think he digs it, and you just hv to find something unique for the 3rd report. The mc final exam is a bit hard, so make sure you go through all the names, years and details in the notes."
"[FM engine stream]1 open book test 20%2 lab report 40%1 presentation 40%Mine workload is very heavy.Remember to have one academically strong engineering student in your groupotherwise 100% in painLab report: no format provided. All in all , it is painful."
"2012/13 sem B, only one individual project(interview + present+ report). No ppt, boring class, learn nothing"
"There are only two assignments and a group project. Both assignments are essays which seem to be easy. The word amount is not a lot but I believe you have to write much more to get an only B grade. The group project was indeed a very troublesome one which took me much time. Overall, I was shocked to know that I got a D grade because I've done all the assignments. I deserve a better grade although I didn't put much effort. I think Ma Ka Fai is just too harsh. He's a completely different person after the class. You'll see when you discuss your group project with him."
(I think the comments provided by others indeed summarized my experience)Lecture: - extremely sleepy in early 9am lecture - difficult science content(especially physics) and some interesting stories about famous renowned companies
"If you did not study accounting in secondary school, don't choose this!PS. Year 1 Science student"
"No need go lecture except the last 2 lab and the present.The open book exam extremely easy even I just study for several hours.Only 1 easy lab report, 1 group present and 1 open book exam."
"debatepresentationtake home examindividual report (10-page double spacing)A disappointing course. The tutor was biased , particularly in favour of pro-China topics and materials"
"Very strict grades, many got C grades.Extremely boring lessons, just read out the PowerPoint which is extract from textbook.Better switch tutor if you want a better grade."
Final grade heavily depends on the group project and presentation. Good grades in individual essays and field trip report will help.
"A lot of work to do. Presentation, debate, essay and a take- home exam (essay actually). The main problem is the teacher seemed to prefer students to praise China rather than thinking critically."
"Fair workload with 2 individual essays and 2 group reports. Good grades for all assignments. However, confusing lectures and extremely difficult open book exam."
Can be absent for all lessons except the first lesson for group formation and the presentation weeks. Just take back all the attendance in the last few weeks will be fine.Two individual essays and a group project with presentation.
"11 people formed a group. Low efficiency and NO cooperation. The quiz is a tragedy. You wont be able to do the questions even though you have attended classes. Also once you fail it, you gotta retake it."
"Absentees can hand-in their in-class assignments, which are used to count attendence, in the following lesson. They can simply copy from friends or groupmates.At the end of each lesson, a video clip is played and several open-ended questions are posted on blackboard. Each group needs to post answers onto the discussion board. Only short answers of 5-6 lines are required. Group members can take turn to answer."
"The quizzes are easy and the class is enjoyable. If you are interested in gothic, you will definitely enjoy the class."
"The tutor is strict in taking attendance. She can memorize the name and face of students, there is no way to skip classes. The workload for the class is not heavy, just one individual paper, one group project, one peer analysis and finally an essay-typed exam."
dont need to attend lessonsgroup project is way fun
"Fair workload. Extremely difficult open book exam, but quite good grade. The professor is also kind and well-prepared."
"Quiz is easy to get low grade. Anyway, all topics in this course is interesting. I do not recommend to anyone who need A range or B+ to take this course!!!!"
"The content and assignment might be bit difficult to those who have no prior idea/knowledge, but if you pay attention and do some research, u can still make it. Chán teaching is indeed useful, especially to those youngsters nowadays who keep complaining about how ""hard"" their lives are, it teaches the correct attitude towards ones' lives. Strongly recommended."
Have individual presentation- Quite easyGroup projectAnd a final exam ( Did not study but got B+)Need to take attendance
"In 2012/13 Sem A, there are no group assignments, presentations, group projects and stuff, only individual assignments. The content taught might be difficult, but it is fun if u pay attention every class. Teachers are real nice. Need take attendance."
"Really a piece of cake, playing mobile games as a way to learn the IT cases, quite easy, very few workload, but dun know if it is the case for the regular sem a/b"
The In-class Writing Assignments is not difficult but Eric just gave 2/5 mark to most of the students.Analysis Essay has a lot of skills to learn but he does not teach us well.
One exam and one presentation. Amy is nice but the grade is not good.
"Awful subject, in my opinion only, as the project and examination has literally no guidelines, and the lectures are all jus read directly out from the ppt. Maybe I am the unfortunate one as I had to finish all the group project myself, but if you ask me, I wouldn't recommend this course."
Interesting topic of group project will get a higher grade
"Very good tutor and interesting courselearned a lot from the course through videos watching, site visits and discussionGood for students that truly like arts instead of looking for good grades"
"I've recommended few friends to take this course, and eveyone of them, including me, got A+.only one presentation, one report, one easy final exam."
"The content of lecture is quite interesting and enjoyable.we took a field trip to mainland for five days and it is unforgettable,we visited many culture heritage that we cannot easily go with some ordinary tour.Teachers are helpful and kind also!"
"Dr Sun don't require student to go lecture every week, the whole course is just doing a presentation at the end of semester. The presentation isn't harsh, so it is so relaxing."
"Stani sucks, his English is horrible, I hate him so much.Oliver is a great lecturer, but don't think you can hea him. He is nice but serious about teaching."
A waste time course.
"Not sure for other tutors but workload is HEAVY for GT's class. Be prepared to have exercises, quizzes, readings every week. He is also very strict with grammar (although he claims he is not), so double check your work before you submit it. Since he writes, he is also very concerned with the sentence structure, how to arrange your content etc. If you are truly interested in writing, you can learn a lot from him.Mobile phones aren't allowed in lessons. And remember, if you want to go to A-range, you MUST be humble and modest. GT is intolerant of arrogance and conceit. No matter how good you think you are, hide it and always ask for consultation for homework. He is much more willing to promote an above average but modest student to A-range, than an outstanding and arrogant student."
"Relatively easy to obtain B-range actually. I've heard that a lot of my classmates managed to secure a B even though their English isn't exactly proficient.Work harder on the first assignment (Email) because it will leave an impression on her, which may have an effect on your grades for later assignments. Follow given samples, check grammar and remember to be *realistic*. Ann is very concerned how *realistic* the content is. For example, if, in your assignment, you need to give a reply to customers and offer a monetary compensation, be realistic. Don't offer a ridiculous amount just to make your assumed role generous, only offer what is reasonable. If there is any doubt, look up on the internet to search for what are the generally accepted standards, rules or guidelines in business complaints / customer service."
this is quite a nice course that i cam learn how to deal with daily conflicts.mary is a gd tutor
"workload: logbk, mini project, indv. report, class discussionattendance will be ticked and kindly remind u to be active in classbtw the course is toooooo boring"
need to participate more in the tutorial section.interesting content n friendly tutor.
Extremely easy to get an Ajust write some blogs and a final paper of 1000words
"Quite boring lessons, really feel sleepyAlways overrun in lessonsVery sufficient consultation for the final assignmentQuite Strict Grades it seems"
"In fact, lecture didn't take attendanceOnly have one term paper, presentation and final quizTerm paper : Really need to actively discuss with the tutor, otherwise, it will be a disasterPresentation : Quite HEA in factFinal Quiz : Will provide you guidelines for your revision (p.s. QUITE USEFUL!!!!)"
not a very good tutoruseless consultation and she has thousand of excuse that she doesn't check her email
"Must attend every lecture because there will be pair-up activities assigned to each single student. In-class activities are difficult, must be able to read through the case, understand the whole story without discussion/help. Boring lectures but you need to actively participate too, not easy.Group presentation & report + Individual assignment chur die you.Professor would ask very challenging question in the end of presentation, minimal encouragement was given :("
"Teachers are very well-prepared for classes, heartfelt and energetic teaching.Have guest lecturer and company visit.Attendance does not affect your grade much, small project and final project presentation dates are important. Group written report can HEA DO. Presentation skill is needed to get good grades.A test will be conducted in the end of semester, rather easy, with MCs and short questions, only need to revise ppt."
"so many assessments, cannot find the answer in the notes. holy!!"
"easy,,draw roughly can get a range"
absoluately a boring course. i just learn nothing and feel waste my time
A bit difficult for non CB students.
"Light workload;Concepts are extremely easy to understand;Many in-class activities and it's fun; **Attendance is seriously consider in the grade, don't skip a lesson!!!"
He is a very nice teacher!!!!! Feel free to consult him to get treasurable opinions.
"Interesting lessons, and the tutor prepared lessons well that you may learn a lot from this course."
"You really have to work hard to study coursepack and think how to apply the theory in the situation given in the in-class assignment if you want to obtain good grade.What is more, you need a good memory because starting from the next semester all in-class assignment are close-book(!!) instead of open-book(according to the tutor).If you are not good at thinking or the speed of your thinking is not fast enough,please drop this course because you may not be able to finish some in-class assignment in time."
"3 quizes = (3 assignments) [open book, in lesson]1 group project [1 poster + 1 booklet]i think the final results depend on your quiz results much. Dennis is a good tutor, having much preparation in every lesson, just a bit emotional but still understandable. This subject is interesting and I have studied Introduction to Psychology in asso, so it's not too difficult to me."
very difficult lecture content3 assignments and no project (Y)assignments are not quite related to the lecture contentone quiz in the last lesson (a bit difficult)students with good English writing capability will be advantaged
"The course follows with a bunch of assignments indeed. And you do sense this especially when taking this course in summer sem that everything is compressed to a 7-week study period. Thus you shall be prepared to imagine how crazy and hurried the submission schedule is.For this course in summer sem, assignments are distributed like every 2 weeks. You must always remind yourself of the submission deadlines esp for those who would spend time on part-time jobs. Luckily, classes were met every sat morning and tue night so it was as a result less disturbing. I myself didnt take jobs throughout the course. However, since we mostly work as group in the course, those who would work please be obligated to involve in group work, even though the course values the individual contribution the most."
"Just train your reading and writing skills and those skillls i've learnt are not helpful. You can take this course for a sleep or you can listen to the teacher. Whatever you pay much attention to the lessons, you may still get C range in this course as examinations/your ORIGNAL English ability determine your grade at all. So, just feel free to attend this insignificant course for a year and put efforts to other GE and core courses. Don't waste your time to do revision!"
2 presentations (no reports) only1 exam (pretty easy coz most of the questions ar similar to tutorial exericse)
not as good as you all thinkthe accent of dr. oh can be easily heardalso there is exam...despite that you can actually hea in lessons
every weeks need reflective logs for attendance but easyfinal project and report not difficultquiz not difficult at allinteresting and funny course
every weeks got homeworkshort articles or online discussionquite heavy and missed nearly 30 to 40%i think the course is difficult because it combined art and sciencei guess no one can easily handle these two fields togetheras they are totally different things
weekly twittermissed few times only did 70-80%quizmarks comparably lower than others quite difficultproject and final reportsnot good at allhe took attendance twice only but i missed those twostill got b i think is easy enough
Peter is nice and workload not big ! Good subject for BBA students !
"Nice , recommended :)"
"She is a nice teacher.Responsible and friendly, always smile! She teaches this course very well. :)"
"Just 2 linked projects in same topic.No exams, quiz, and assignment! ""Hea"" choices! :D"
workload is directly proportional to the grade...
"Although the workload is very heavy, this course is worth to study.WorkloadI studied this course in my first year at CityU, it was hard because of the reading materials but not the interpretation processes. We had to read more than ten pieces of story/article/journal. There were more than 20 pages in each pieces of reading material. I spent most of the time in reading these materials every week since I needed to check dictionary to get their meanings. Students will be difficult to follow lectures when they have not prepared."
"This course was quite relaxing at all. Instructor is an European and she had stayed and studied in Japan for a long time. Her knowledge about Japan is very wide and depth. I felt that all of the classmates enjoyed her lessons. Dennitza is nice and she always encouraged us to share our opinion as there are no exactly right or wrong answers.I think this course is not difficult as Dennitza prepared a lot and gave very detail explanations on each topic. She explained many Japanese key terms in English, so the lessons were easy to follow. We had to read some materials and watch movies in tutorial lessons. The only thing we had to do was reading before lessons."
"Queenie is relatively helpful and patient throughout the entire course, comments and feedback given by her are insightful and useful which assist students to improve their English proficiency and excel the quality of assessment tasks. Even though it is by no mean an easy task to attain an A range in this course, B range could be guaranteed if you accomplish all the required assessment tasks in the course without late submission especially for Queenie's class."
"The course was REALLY NOT for Non-BBA students because it required adequate corresponding knowledge which will not be covered or delivered in the course. Besides, the schedule was very tight particularly in summer term. You may have to deal with two projects or assignments in the same week. I would not recommend this course due to the high requirements even though the instructor was very professional and nice."
Dr.LAM is quite an excellent teacher. He has adequate patience and distinctive opinions about many controversial points. He teaches more than knowledge---you would master the way of independent learning through those talks with him for preparation of your pre3&report.
Funny lectures and seminars with a ship simulation lesson.
Stani is very hea
quite relaxing..u can learn something useful during the course
"The tutor never cares whether you attend the classes. However, you have to follow the instructions strictly for all of the assignments. He will tell you the marking schemes and only if you follow the instructions can you get a good grade."
"The work load is quite heavy. The topics assigned by the tutor are difficult. However, Dr. Wong is very nice and patient. If you want to get a good grade, you must follow her requirements on the presentation and the final report. Consulting her more is really a good idea."
"The instructor is very patient. She modifies our drafts very carefully. However, the work load is heavy and so many requirements on each assignment."
"Visiting Professor is very nice.Almost everyone get a grade over B if you attend the two exams and do all the assignment. The work load is not heavy, either."
"Generally, it's quite a normal course. If you do all the assignments and lab reports, the grade will not be too bad, maybe B or above. Lab reports are quite harsh but just copy and paste from the lab manuals."
"Very easy programming, if you know programming, you will have A range easily.If you don't know programming, get out."
"skills taught are usefulthough need to study a lot and that got a thick bookbusiness students can get a good gradecourse work: 3 presentations, self reflectionwill take attendance"
"One group present, one homework, few googleable exam and quizsomethimes do quiz on lesson, No attendance if you don't mind the quiz marks8 ppl do a 12 min exam"
"This prof is a native speaker, yet his tone is quite low and his lecture makes u wanna sleep every minute, especially the content is quite difficult full of complex terms......So completing the individual papers made me wanna die >_< And I don't like this prof at all. I think he's got some psychological problems...who knows?"
boring but grades not bad
Atmosphere in the course is very relaxed but not casual!I think the most difficult part is reading the course pack. There were lots of professional terms about sexology and psychology.
"really boring and difficult. it had one very long (more than 10 pages) reading for each week.and the requirement of the assignment is difficult to reach.i am quite interested in the culture and history of Hong Kong, but this course is really way too difficult and the work load is too high that i cant really handle it with other subjbut i didnt attend one test and have really failed groupmates for the proj so i deserve this grade."
2 assignment2 lab report final project + presentationlab reports are quite difficultquite heavy workload but you can find most information on the internet
Good teacher with heart teaching. We were really enjoyed the lesson time through the semester. Highly recommend to reg this course.
The teacher is bad that he gives extremely tough grades to students. He teaches nothing in the class but expects you to submit your assignment with Chinese History AL quality. Drop the course if you get this tutor!
no assignmentidea paper hea do ok (1.8/2)class discussion+presentation very heaproject ok heaexam mc+ essay quite hard
Never choose her. Bad grade and heavy workload. Hardly to reach A range in her class
"Sad....At first thought Amy is nice and this is a good grade course. It turned out my group is B range.It had many quizs and exercises in lecture so DO NOT skip lecture. Make sure you have engin groupmates, otherwise it is useless no matter how fast your google search speed.For the presentation, it is very important. She emphasized CREATIVITY for the presentation. We consulted her several times to ensure we were presenting something she needed. But then she said creative but she didn't understand! \_/Do not have marks for assignments.The grade fluctuates a lot now, so it is no longer a good grade course..."
I recommend you to take a revision on the teaching materials before doing the assignments. The lecturer is very nice and she is willing to discuss the psychological theories with you patiently.
Please participate fully in all lectures as there are in-class assignments. The lecturer is very helpful to answer your problems about the classwork.
...Try hard to work on your project
just playing games during the lessons.An individual present + a group present and report only.
A good teacherbut make sure you have correct footnotes if u wanna get an A
"I am the only A- in the class. Ann is quite tough and stick to her principle very much, so you must follow her every instruction. Also, it is important to get her know you, therefore you have to answer her questions very often.Email B+Meeting A (this is probably because of the impression, to be honest)Persuasive letter BPresentation B+ (different from our normal present, it requires a very high quality of presentation which she minds every wordings...also the slide must not contain your scripts to present but just very few words)Report A- (just make report look very alike the one in the textbook, it guarantees a good grade.)Overall: A-"
Need much class participation in order to get good grades
1 LAB SECTION + LAB REPORTfollow the instructions. Lab Report is quite time consuming.1 GROUP PRESENTATIONEasily get high marks.Most students get 6/7 or even 7/7.
"no attendance requiredWEEKLY twitter-share one piece of interesting 'socal issue' every week, upload it to twitter"
"Good tutor, easy subj,Class Participation takes for 30% but I barely ans any questions,attendance takes most of the part."
"presentation ,."
"Nice class, interesting, inspiring. But you cant skip class n need to hand out reflection every week.Final project is not easy, but if u have good groupmate, you will be fine!Love the class!"
The comment field is required.
It's up to which tutor!
Easy with few workloads. Self Study is enough.
"1. Final in-class quiz will be held on week 132. attend the class is useless, if you dun like to interact with the tutor during the class,"
"1. Final in-class quiz will be held on week 132. attend the class is useless, if you dun like to interact with the tutor during the class,"
can learn lots of things and get good grade
"Don't pick my tutor!!!! He is very _ _!!! Always get mad during lessons. Whenever you consult him about the hw, he never answers you!!!!!Teaches very bad!!"
"Those quizzes are quite easy, as long as you have listened in the class. Some fill in the blanks or MC.Films watching in the class are old but interesting to watch.Jackie is very cute and she seems to give grade around A to B. But! She doesn't like students chatting or sleeping in the class."
"Not very busy, but very very boring.Can ask yr fd to take attendance for you.Not hard but isn't a good grade subject.My fd got a C+ in the final grade."
Not as easy as it looks. Better not choose it if you are not interested in classical music.
Very difficult!!!!!Rubbish GE and professorDon't know how to finish assignment!!
Boring course. Mary is a killer!!!
Presentation is good but Amy give me D. OMG
"Although the grade is not good enough, it 's really relax and low workload. No exam and no preparation for every class. A lot of interesting science experiments. One lesson for drinking alcohol. Pre-Science concept is not needed. If you think you don't have too much time for GE course and you are not aiming at A/A+, it's your good choice."
Mary is so harsh and she does not answer any question= =. The project has a huge workload.
"Need to prepare discussion and presentation every lesson. one close book quiz, one 1000 word individual essay and one group project( making poster). Do not take if you have no time to work on it ."
"Interesting course with low workload. Just one individual presentation of a video game( In Cantonese) and one group project.( In Cantonese) For the lecture, tutor talk about the history of video game and related stories. For the tutorial, most of the time we play game and evaluated it afterward."
Very interesting and easy course; the main focus is GENDER ISSUE in Japan.Overall 89.95% - A-NO NEED to know Japanese.
Attendance +Mid-term quiz +Group presentation (~30 minutes) +Individual reflection
having 3 assignments is not funny at all...
"not very good grading, but not much work loadmust attend to the classes anyway, not recommendable"
"it was totally a trap.totally don't understand what the hell he was talking about.the exam was very difficult even i read the textbook for revision.very strict on attendance, this is as usual the style of department of management."
not difficultPactrick is a really good lecturer!!
"2 assignments, 2 lab reports, 1 final project"
"The workload for this course is not heavy at all.Firstly, you have to write a weekly journal with your project groupmates every week. I am sure that it is not difficult because you have to write down what you have learnt in the lesson only.Secondly, there are two small quiz to test your understandings. Not difficult as long as you have read through the notes.Thirdly, there are two field trips. No related assignments have to be done for these two field trips. But the two field trips were memorable to me.Lastly, the final project presentation. Not quite difficult. Mainly about environmental conservation.The last thing I want to note is that Mr Lawrence Khoo is a good professor. He has great teaching heart. Just ask him more questions. He is nice and willing to answer your questions in depth."
The workload was not heavy except for the last one. the video editing is difficult. The instructor delivered the course in relaxing and easily accepted ways with a lot of materials and activity. So would he share the own career experiences. HE IS REALLY NICE! BTW: Attendance is important as well!
Not a good course. Project is very difficult because Mary gave us C-D only
"Even though the term 'Islam' may sound boring to some students, this course is definitely one worth taking. The assessment tasks include one reflection essay, one book/film review and a debate held during the last lecture. Moreover, students had the opportunity to visit two mosques, enabling us to really learn outside the classroom. The materials covered in lectures were boring from time to time but in general they were fine."
"Students are just required to write two 500-word essays, work on a group project and complete the end-of-term quiz so the workload is in no way considered heavy. However, I do find the group project somewhat challenging since the questions given by the professor were rather problematic. As for the quality of the lectures, I believe that they are not that beneficial to me as the materials covered were just general. It is not that easy to get a good grade but it is still a recommendable course because of the extremely light workload."
Highly Recommended. Really interesting and can really learn something from the course.Grade not bad.
need time to read the notes and do the worksdon't take attendance
"The couse is boring rather than I thought of it. And I don't think the teacher is responsible. I doubt the standard she evaluate the project. Also, she speaks broken english."
A good choice for those who are good at memorising. Doesn't really matter whether you know the language.
Anthony's lecture is very very very boring. Wait the grade for very long time but it is D only.The assignment grade is too bad.
"She gave so much work to us without any explanation. Finally, it is impossible to get pass if she is lecturer.Bad grade."
- One reflective journal per week- Date with an elderly at least 3 times -> make 2 identical life story books for them and for school- Project: make a homepage / a proposal - 2500 words group report- 2000 individual reflective reporttake attendance so damn heavy workloadbad grade
two 1000words assignmentsone presentationno exam no quizvery heanothing to lose if you absent
"I think this course best suits people who are active in class and is attentive. Without participation, I would say, it's easy to lost track. The course contains 3 quizes, which are quite easy, if you really pay attention in class, cos all the questions have been covered during lecture. So it you really pay attention in class (I know it's hard, but it's really helpful), you don't need much time for your revision (it took me around 15 min each revision for each test). The final group project is to make a booklet and poster. Not really have to do much coordinate work within the team, cos all parts are easy to be devided evenly. The course stressed a lot on logic, on how you answer the questions in a systemic and organised way. It's not hard though, just remember to show how you process the question and answer it step be step."
"Fair workload. Overall, it's only one big project that devided into different phrases, which is easier to keep track of the process of your project,Groupmate selection is very important, students who have studied research before (e.g. psychology/ marketing majorwould definitely an advantage). However, the group size is rather large (around 8), which takes time for admin work. Easy exam, just around 40 MCs. The exam covers the course pack and notes, so remember to buy the course pack although it is really expensive :P (around $300)"
"Tutor will take pop-quiz attendance in class.2 take home assignment (v.easy if you study geography in high school), 1 open book in class quiz (no talking, but can use computer and search answer in google), 1 cloud observation project (whole day observation or consecutive day observation), and 1 poster presentation. But, the peer evaluation of 2 present will seriously affect the final grade(~20%), so it is hard to get a good grade if your classmates are unfriendly."
"What a bad tutor. He never answer my question but gave my C= ="""
The best tutor I have seen. I like the lecture........AND GRADE!
"The course consists of weekly 3 hr small-class lectures and 3 compulsory outings to exhibits (excluding one visit to the CMC). In class, various art forms and art movements were discussed chronologically; students who're not genuinely interested in the subject might find these lectures boring as certain concepts could be quite abstract to grasp. Anyhow the course has been very enjoyable with a relaxing learning ambiance. Our instructor never failed to give his own insights and feedback to students.The workload's fairly slight, with only a minimum of 3 art reviews based on the outings, a 5 min presentation and a 1000-word final paper. The art reviews (blog entries) did not require much artistic knowledge/background but rather, focused on students' ability to justify their interest in or opinion regarding a particular artwork. The final paper however was an assessment demanding a more technical and articulate analysis as well as understanding."
"workload : lab report, presentation, open (book +pc) testexam: most ans can be found on notes, while some of them are mentioned by henry in class, not in notes."
"super hea, learned nothing but very easy to get good grades... however you need to do term paper for 5-20 pages and do present in front of 100 people but no one is really listening so it's ok... most of my friends get A range"
a bit chur near sem end but not difficult to pass
"for those who like astronomy, it's an interesting course."
"Homework: he will tell you the answer in advancePresentation: copy from the reportReport: low work low, finish within 1 dayExam: In the last week's lesson, open book, similar to homework"
"This tutor never gives A+, but it is extremely easy to get an A, if you aim only an A, choose this professor, but i am not talking about the course, the course itself is too boring and you dont know what to do in lectures, you just simply give some presentations, and do a final project, with a poster and a report, without a final presentation. The most workloading are not the project but the own individual learning logbook, you are required to write every week and this may cause you lots of time to complete if you are lagged behind about a few weeks.Overall the course is not bad, but it is boring, good grade, but workload quite large, but as an GE course it is acceptable."
"can't skip more than 3 lessons,have to role play in group every lesson,but it's ok."
"dropped this course becoz from the 1 st lecture you might realise that you will be a loser if you don't know any Japanese language, the culture and the characteristics of Japanese people, you will feel alienated becoz most ppl around you jot notes in jap and they understand the Jap jokes . the tutor spoke in fluent english and japanese explaining the terms (already difficult to understand in chinese, now is explained in english) workload is acceptable if u really like the cultural stuff, but i was quite disappointed by the teaching style (a biased one)"
"There are too many vocab. Also, the exam is very very diffcult."
Easy to get an ANot many assignments to dotutor is very nice
"We were asked to compose and discuss all the time.Although I thought I have learnt a lot, the workload is a bit harsh.Miss Lau would also point out your problems in the consultation concretely, for example how can you improve in your transition."
"It's really boring and requires students to read lots of essays and readings.If you are not really engaged in reading, I strongly advice you not to choose this course.For the presentation, it's not that difficult.Sometimes, our lecturer, Dr Sheung may join our tutorials and listen to the presentations.However, although we were asked to discuss, most students kept silent."
easy in the semester i was studyingand it's becoming harsher and harsher
those assignments are so easymake ur projects & assignments interesting can already give u a B grade& my whole gp got A range
"5 assignment, if you have source, some assignments are not different.Tips:1. Answer more questions 2. Feel free to ask Janet Yu3. Send your work to English language centre for checking grammer before project submission* Very useful course for job hurting."
"Can sleeping~Can talk~Have field trip~Ar Sir is very nice~And always forgot to tick attendance.In short, very good course and good grade."
Stephanie is a good teacher
"Not many things to do1. Individual paper: teacher are more likely to see a good structured and well justified paper ( he emphasized JUSTIFICATION many times on class ). However it seems not that many people in my class got A range, and some even get C range for this individual paper2. Group project, not hard to do, just present based on the topic to the audience."
large workload
meetingx2 /weekpresent(what you have done)x2 /week600word writingx3final report
only for those who are logical
"don't know what they were teaching, but the final grade was not bad"
"Two essays, one presentation and one written report. A free and easy GE course."
"Weekly presentation or report, with assigned reading article* Long and complex articles in the course parkRevision session for mid-term and final, very helpful indeed* Not recommend for first year student* Grade = effort"
2 essay1 group report + presentation
michelle is a great tutorgood grade if u can let her recognise you
"Well I skipped all lectures except quizzes but I participated in every tutorial since attendance is counted.Basically we have discussion every lesson but everyone seems to be quite hea.And we had a group project and presented our ideas on one of the reading materials during tutorials. The lecturer, I have to say, really involved in teaching. He went to some of the tutorial sessions and listened to our presentation.Quiz, well, don't worry this's open-book quiz. However the quizzes seem to be difficult for non art students. We've also got our individual essay. My essay wasn't well-written and didn't fulfill the word requirement.Surprisingly I got A grade!Overall if you're so eager to know more about the colonial history of Hong Kong, consider this course. However if you're so bored with tons of words like me, don't ever take this course."
NORMAL WORKLOAD
"The instructor asked us to decide our own topic to investigate. And we needed to perform experiment and analysis the data by ourselves. We were asked to hand in a weekly report of 300 words and also report orally to the instruct about the progress in weekly meetings. After all, we needed to have a presentation and hand in the final report.Overall, the workload is a bit heavy, but the grade is good."
"Ray is a OK choice. However, I sent an email to get back my assignment but it never succeed. Finally, I just got C=.="
The project grade is really bad. I dont like the mode of projects
"For science student, One individual report , One group present + report."
easy to do the courseworkbut never understand what she wanna teach
Never give the assignment back. I wonder if he mark it or not.Group project if group with DSE = die hard.One group in our class is yr 3 students and they are too OP....Dont take Ray's class is my recommendation
No lecture notes.Some tests.One group project.The main problem is that we really dont know what this guy wants.It sucks.
"The workload depends on how many preparation you have done. I found out it is not heavy, it is in a acceptable range."
"Very easy workload, assignments are easy and the courses is not difficult"
Anthony Yau is very nice but the grade is not nice(The grade is good in the past but now.......Oh my GOD!!!!!!). Work load is reasonable. The grade is just around C-B only. My friends got C- and B respectively. Must not choose Anthony Yau if you want A range. That is my warning to my CityU brother!
"Too much assignment, my god, dont take it, brother"
"Many works and i think i will have at least A- but ..... WTF, tutor is too harsh"
"My name is Yun and I am the course examiner of this GE course. We have just finished this new course and tomorrow we will have the final exam. I have great pleasure teaching this course, because the students have been extremely hardworking, inspirational and accommodating. Looking forward to teaching this course again next year."
Jane is quite nice and the course is interesting. But it is not easy to get good grades
watching films+2 film presentations+2 film journals
"easy Ano exam, easy assignments and only one projectfunny lectures by Dr. Walid"
similar with GE1501. erhh... i think Fung is better (tutor)
tutor very nice. nice subject.
simple exam and low workload in-class exercise
Grade is not very good
quite good and hea. u only need to attend the quizes session and there are lots of sources so u can easily get high grade.
quite good and hea. u only need to attend the quizes session and there are lots of sources so u can easily get high grade.
Easy
quite good and hea. u only need to attend the quizes session and there are lots of sources so u can easily get high grade.
Easy
